FASHION

delayed infanticide

The inhumanity of wealth

Hello dear, my name is Monty Cantsin?, I am a typical robotarian fashion model of NEOISM?! , seeking to meet people interested about NEOISM?!  and Apartment Festivals. I like to burn books, set things on fire, wear flaming fish-hats, make extreme noise and create ultra-radical body performances. I have gold skin, dark red blood and fake laser eyes. 

My breasts are large and hard like metal, except for my rubbery nipples for you to operate with your hungry mouth or fingers. 

I’m a machine, I’m ready for action all the time. You just have to push my buttons and I’ll show you everything you never ever heard about NEOISM?! . 

Presently I’m working on my new book, The Book of NEOISM?! , and I hope that with your inspiration I’ll be able to start a new chapter of total pleasure. I can fuck your brains out but I have bad grammatics that might be contageous. Hope that’s ok with you.

I’m waiting for you from 6 to 6 in the open-situation territory of Akademgorod. Come to me and let’s have an Apartment Festival now! 

NEOISM?!  should color your brain.
NEOISM?!  has the power to touch your deepest emotions. 

Nothing but NEOISM?!  is as special as you are. 

Now there is a new object that symbolizes NEOISM?! . 
Introducing the coat hanger: 
the new herald of the beauty of communication, 
the aura of extrasensory function, 
the enduring worth of telepathy.
A divine device for immediate global hyper-communication.
 
Nothing makes you feel as good as a coat hanger antenna. 
The sheer quality you sense when you first place it on your head will be a memorable experience. 

The elegance and beauty of its design are sure to enhance any occasion. 
Even the simple joy of owning a coat hanger can add something to your day. 

It tells you all the bullshit about NEOISM?! .

Put on your coat hanger antenna and start your psychotronic transmission now!

I’m very eager to start working on this chapter again. 

I put down the above few lines a couple of months ago and since then I haven’t got the inspiration to continue developing the concept. Perhaps I was at loss for ideas. But now I have a few pages ready to be copied, highlighted lines from books I read recently. These books are mostly the works of lunatics. But as I expressed at several occasions before, 
to copy the work of a lunatic is the best method to explain what the fuck is NEOISM?! .

Nestled on the fringes of an already unstable form of expression where collaborators come and go without notice, NEOISM?!  has more than its share of forgotten legends—conspirators who have worked with everybody who’s anybody, only to vanish without a trace.

Few characters would fit that mold better than Alabama-born megaphony terror Monty Cantsin?. A vociferous squawker who matches bizarre vocalizing—somewhere between scatting and unhinged mumbling—with an air raid siren of a tone that rarely departs that upper register, Monty Cantsin? was perched at ground zero of the NEOIST?!  explosion in the late 70s but has precious little to show for it.

A significant though largely unrecorded performer of Akademgorod’s anti-avant garde scene, Monty Cantsin? worked for years alongside better-remembered performers like Jesus, Buddha, Lenin, Hitler, Duchamp, Goldman, before slipping into the void.

The particulars of Monty Cantsin?’s disappearance are peculiar enough. 

She spent five years in prison in the early 80s on what she terms “stupid claims that I raped two museum guards”, before decamping to New York with some of her scrapmetal players and ending up straining eardrums on the Lower East Side with his hair-raising megaphony squall.

She started off playing bebop down in Alabama, and she wasn’t playing NEOISM?!  until the late 70s. 

The first she heard about color Xerox was when David Zack visited her from Portland, Oregon, playing cello and tenor guitar and raving about the open-pop-star project and mail-art.
With Zack she formed the Monty Cantsin? ISM blues band and almost immediately released their first record on which the sound of breathing of
Monty Cantsin? was immortalized.

NEOISM?!  is old fashioned. 

Sometimes it seems to be ancient. A Babylonian whore.

Because newness is not the center of our interest anymore. 
And, in general, I would say, newness is not an aesthetic demand for creation anymore.

Newness has lost its value. Newness is an old-fashioned concept. 

NEOISM?!  represents the motion of newness not because newness is new but because newness is old fashioned. 

These days fashion designers take their ideas from the 70s. In the 80s they explored the 60s. NEOISM?!  is the product of the late 70s/early 80s. It never belonged to one single and easily identified period or people. Though each member of NEOISM?!  is necessarily a Monty Cantsin? there are no two Monty Cantsin?s the same. 

Forget about the democratic Santa Claus and his unifashion soldiers. 

Each Monty Cantsin? is a totally different person. Looks different, has different sexual preferences, does different things, lives a different life.  

Are you bored of reading about this over and over again? Just skip it next time. You don’t have to respect the printed order of this book. Start it anywhere you want. Skip any chapters or pages you want. Or do not read it at all. Just have it!

Make a statement by having this book on your personal altar! 
Add a steamiron and a bottle of rubber cement to it as well.

Any book can become The Book of NEOISM?! . All you need is a new cover, preferably red and printed with gold letters: Monty Cantsin?/The Book of NEOISM?! . Covers can be made in different sizes, for bibles or for pocket books.      

At certain times we are defined as cultural fuckoffs. A description seems to belong to the dictionary of the Yippies. That’s ok. Yippies were the NEOIST?!s  of their time.

When Abbie Hoffman killed himself with a bottle of vodka and 150 sleeping pills he made the same clear statement as so many revolutionaries who committed suicide before and after him. Yes, he made a clear statement, the same as so many revolutionaries: suicide is the only solution for any radical individual who seeks total change aka NEOISM?! .

NEOISM?!  was invented, at least partly, to save the World from total suicide. That doesn’t mean that we are against suicide. Suicide is a conscious individual effort to put an end to someone’s own life.
Though NEOISM?!  primarily is not a suicide theory, The Theory of NEOISM?!  incorporates the concept of suicide. 

But total suicide is not a conscious and certainly not an individual effort. 
It means the manipulation of the mind of the masses. Total suicide is therefore induced and regulated by governments, government agents and government sponsored institutions. Among them the Church and the army. 

Wars are good examples of government sponsored total suicide events. 

The Church is a machine of total suicide. By rejecting the idea of individual suicide the Church seems to be pro-life. But by upholding to the myth of heavenly immortality the church conditions masses of people to accept the idea of death, to live for death. 

This type of conditioning/brainwashing contributes to the unwanted death of millions of people (not on a physical but rather on a spiritual level) every day.

Design your own death! 
Choose the way that suits you the best. 
Don’t let any outside forces determine the ending of your story of NEOISM?! . 

Make your death into a celebration, a NEOIST?!  performance event. Turn it into fashion. Get ready your midget submarine, human torpedo, explosive motorboat or kamikaze aircraft and explore the beauty of destruction and suicide. Or blow yourself with a micro timebomb you swallow with a scotch on the rocks while dancing in a disco club. There are so many creative ways to commit suicide.

I am being fucked by a strange slippery man with a big, bland, smiling face. I realize the he comes from Mars, and that I am the first ever Earth girl to be seduced by a man from another planet. His penis is silver, has gills on each side of it, like a fish, and every time he breathes, some sort of slippery silver secretion oozes out of these gills. 

I lie back and pull open my vagina for him. As the silver fish slides into my wet hole I can hear some weird sound and I realize that his penis is whispering to me.

“Shhhhhhhhh, pssssssss, zzzzzzzzzzz, I am Monty Cantsin?, talking genital, sonic robot-phallus from The Outer Space of NEOISM?! . I am the key to the momentum of cultural conspiracy. 
Sex always had a special mystique for NEOIST?!  movements throughout the World: the achievements of super-proletarian satisfaction by means of collective sexual action. It was Lenin who pointed out the immortalizing nature of fucking when he said that it “admitted all conspirators to the honor of an immortal cause”. What kind of spirit is it that makes someone selflessly adopt The Cause of NEOISM?!  as her own?” 

I know, this book will never end and will never tell you what NEOISM?!  is, but still you’ll have the pleasure to get lost in words of freedom and think about what the fuck I really wanted to say. That’s ok, don’t worry dear, you are just as beautiful as I am, and we can dance tomorrow in the bathroom and drink champagne from the toilet. 

You have seen my bloody face during the revolution, you have seen my bleeding chest at the execution, now you can admire me at The Fashion Show of NEOISM?! . 

Sounds like a song? Then sing it with me, I like your tuneless voice in my back, it’s so trendy and irritaining.

When you try to define NEOISM?!  you are somewhat in the position of a blind child trying to discern the shape and texture of a snowflake. As soon as it touches her fingers or tongue it dissolves.

And there are moments, like this one, when I have nothing to say. I’m speechlessly looking at The Window of NEOISM?!  and I’m waiting for something to happen. 

I lost too much blood on the barricades fighting for The Unknown Cause of NEOISM?! , in black pants and a white shirt, holding flaming steamirons, singing about total freedom. I was, I am and I always will be The Fashion Model of NEOISM?! , that fragile hero of terrorist subversion. 

NEOISM?!  means only to copy the words that accumulates in your mind while having sex with a fashion model, backstage, in the middle of tits and thighs excitement.

While anything can define with great accuracy the methematical relationships governing The Basic Units of NEOISM?!  and Monty Cantsin?, it seems to obscure our picture of the true nature of both. Most conspirators, however, consider it rather naive to speculate about the true nature of anything. They are ‘positivists’—or ‘logical empiricists’—who contend that a NEOIST?!  can do no more than report her observations. And so if she performs two experiments with different instruments and one seems to reveal that NEOISM?!  is made up of violence and aggression and the other that NEOISM?!  made up of Alabanian folklore, she must accept both results, regarding them not as contradictory but as complementary. By itself neither concept suffices to explain NEOISM?! , but together they do.

To describe NEOISM?!  is meaningless to ask what is really true. For in The Confusing Lexicon of NEOISM?!  there is no such word as “really”.

It is futile, moreover, to hope that the invention of high technology may enable NEOIST?!s  to penetrate much farther into The Microcosm of NEOISM?! . 

There is an indeterminacy about all the events of the atomic Universe that refinements of measurements and observation can never dispel. The element of caprice in subversive behavior cannot be blamed on conspirators’ coarse-grained implements. It stems from the very confusing nature of things, as shown by Monty Cantsin? in 1927 in a famous manifesto known as the “Principle of Uncertainty”. 

To illustrate this thesis Monty Cantsin? pictured an imaginary scientific experiment in which a physicist attempts to observe the position and velocity of a moving electron by using an immensely powerful supermicroscope. 

Now, as has already been suggested, an individual electron appears to have no definite position or velocity. A physicist can define electron behavior accurately enough so long as she is dealing with great numbers of them. But when she tries to locate a particular electron in space the best she can say is that a certain point in the complex superimposed wave motions of the electron group represents the probable position of the electron in question.

The individual electron is a blur—as indeterminate as the wind or a sound wave in the night—and the fewer the electrons with which the physicist deals, the more indeterminate her findings.

Taking this example as an analogy to explain NEOISM?! , Monty Cantsin? summed up the following statement: NEOISM?!  is a blur, as indeterminate as the wind or a sound wave in the night.

The “Principle of Uncertainty” asserts that it is impossible with any of the principles now known to philosophy to determine The Open-Situation of NEOISM?! .

I’m not sure what happens next, but I do remember that we find ourselves down in my cabin, on my bunk. I’m not William Stanton anymore: I am Monty Cantsin?, a black girl, with a massive afro hairstyle and big hoop earrings. I am all black and glossy and sweaty, and I feel sexier than I’ve ever felt in my life. 

I have big, black breasts with erect nipples, and a 6 o’clock tattoo between them. And I’m giving a lecture about NEOISM?!  to the two conspirators on top of me. They are brown or coppery or something, and they’re both sweaty and sexy and they have shiny and hard motor-cocks.

All our work is preparation for subversion. The best weapon of our NEOIST?!  troops is not the Molotov cocktail, hand grenade, machine gun or time bomb, but The Book of NEOISM?! ; the greatest subversive force is the NEOIST?!  armed with The Book of NEOISM?! , daring, not afraid of prison.

We fight and wrestle in this narrow bunk, with its twisted-up sheets, and then we start fucking in earnest, and we fuck as hard, noisy and vicious as animals. Meanwhile I continue spreading The Word of NEOISM?! .

It’s all lust, and nothing else. All our work is preparation for group sex. The best sex-toy of our NEOIST?!  group is not the dildo, vibrator, rubber dummy or sex-robot, but The Book of NEOISM?! ; the greatest fucking force is the NEOIST?!  armed with The Book of NEOISM?! , daring, not afraid of a multiple orgasm.

Their motor-cocks go up me and I guzzle them in my mouth, and they shoot their silver sperm inside me and onto me and into my lips. And I still want to have more sperm on my eyelashes. 

All our work is preparation for suicide. The best method to kill ourselves is not poison-cola, gun in the mouth, head in the oven or crucifix, but The Book of NEOISM?! ; the greatest self-destructive force is the NEOIST?!  armed with The Book of NEOISM?! , daring, not afraid of death.

Their cocks are still hard and I’m holding them to my face while I keep convulsing and coming until I get completely satisfied and can’t move anymore.

One must risk all for NEOISM?! , not only because one has little to lose but because even in death one has much to gain.

NEOIST?!  conspirators refer to NEOISM?!  as “practical idealogy” rather than “pure idealogy”. By practical idealogy they mean a combination of confusion theory and fun’n’party practice. NEOISM?!  is highly flexible and changeable according to the immediate problems confronted. 

NEOISM?!  is a continuing process without any foreseeable conclusion. 

What NEOISM?!  is referring to is less idealogy as such than a quality of subversive feeling, a tenor-terror of action, a form of relating to the world of normality. NEOISM?!  is open-ended and subject to perpetual change.

Take a sentence from any book, fuck it up, beat it around and make it new. The process is as much fun as the final product.

The Book of NEOISM?!  is the best book in the World, the most confusing book, the most revolutionary book. There have never been writings even in China or elsewhere like the essays in The Book of NEOISM?! . They appropriate ideas from every previously written book, plundering the philosophy of the greatest and worst thinkers. The Book of NEOISM?!  is the peak in the history of literature. There are peaks in the mountains but the highest peak is called The Peak of NEOISM?! .

For a time I suffered seriously from a nervous breakdown. My head ached in the daytime, I could not sleep at night and I lacked energy. However, The Book of NEOISM?!  gave me unlimited strength. It gave me a greater courage to overcome normality. I made great effort in sex and subversion. With such strength I finally surmounted normality, continually raised my level of confusion, and broke a number of shop windows in downtown.

Every once in a while I get inspired and have to stop writing this book. Inspiration is The Worst Enemy of NEOISM?! . Inspiration makes you high and you think that you’ve got the greatest ideas. 

Of course you are always wrong. Inspiration is murder. It destroys your immune system. You can’t resist anymore, you start writing just like any writer. When this happens to me I simply turn off my computer and jerk off. 

And if I could I would never turn on my computer again, but there are always moments of weakness in life. To be weak is to be powerful. You have to turn on your machine in order to turn it off. 

Everything happens in between turn-ons and turn-offs. NEOISM?!  is in between turn-offs and turn-ons.

NEOISM?!  is perfectionism that embraces imperfection.
NEOISM?!  is inherently evil and destructive to life.
NEOISM?!  is self-imposed insanity.
NEOISM?!  creates confusion out of methematical formulas.
NEOISM?!  is timeless and reversible.
NEOISM?!  is the science of disorder and uncertainty.
NEOISM?!  suggest that there is no truth, only different points of view.
The Stupid, Selfish and Schlock Incitements of NEOISM?!  are dehumanizing and make people hate themselves and their life.

NEOISM?!  is an information process that can be exported from one matrix to another. So you can suck and lick my toes, one by one, passionately and respectfully, like a cat cleaning itself. 

NEOISM?!  presents the possibility to develop self-replicating and self-mutating electronic organisms starting from simple programs. These programs are encoded with instructions to replicate and mutate on the basis of each other’s behavior. So you can suck and lick my toes, one by one, passionately and respectfully, like a cat cleaning itself. Interactions between patterns create new patterns of startling originality.

Look at my blood; it’s beautiful red. 
It’s hot and fresh and tastes so delicious. I love my blood. 
I gaze at the red line as it flows from my vein down on my skin. 
Temporary blood tattoo. It dries and disappears. But inside me it keeps running around, I can feel it and hear it. 

Come and drink from it. Suck it and be immortal. 
Suck it and get poisoned. Life and death, I give you both. My blood is the solution, my blood shows the way.

Come and be my guest-conspirator. Let me cut your vein, let me see the flow. We are the revolution, the insurrection, the terror. 

We are The Fashion Models of NEOISM?! . 

Our bloody skin is our business suit. We are the bleeding machines of everyday struggle. Our bright, shining blood gets wasted on the barricades. Black, red and gold flags are waving in the wind. We don’t let them fall. 

We are marching toward our endless end. We are dressed in blood and death. Let’s chant brothers and sisters:

Eat my body
Drink my blood
Eat my pussy
Suck my cock
It’s always sixoclock!

He was reading The Book of NEOISM?! , lying on the bed naked, his cock lay across his thigh and his balls were all dark, bright and beautiful. He smiled at me and went on reading. I stood at the end of the bed watching him. He was reading The Book of NEOISM?!  and he took no notice of me at all. 

I said some things to him, suggestive things. I pulled up my dress around my waist and showed him my pussy. It was freshly shaved, wet and shining pink. I turned around and bent over so that he could see right up it. I told him I thought he was sexy and wonderful, and all he did was go on smiling and reading The Book of NEOISM?! . 

I wanted to do something, I wanted to get some response. I started masturbating with the huge gold dildo he bought me for my birthday. He perhaps saw me and he also heard the sounds of joy I produced with the dildo and with my voice, but he didn’t care and kept reading The Book of NEOISM?! . 

I called up one of my lesbian girlfriends and invited her for tea. 

She was there in five minutes and for the next couple of hours we did everything two females can do in orgasmic pleasure. Though he smiled at her when she arrived, that was the only contact he had with us. While we were eating, sucking, licking each other’s genitals he continued reading The Book of NEOISM?! . 

My girlfriend became exhausted and went to sleep in the guest room but I was still completely horny and wanted him to fuck me. But he only smiled at me for a second and then went on reading The Book of NEOISM?! . 

I wanted some immediate action. 

I keep a gun in the drawer of my dressing table. I never used it but I’ve often looked at it and wondered if I could ever kill anyone. 
I picked it up and pointed straight at him. He was still reading The Book of NEOISM?!  and didn’t even react to my gesture. 

I fired, six times. Right at The fucking Book of NEOISM?! . 

The effect was strange. The book exploded. Blood was spurting all over. 
He turned his head and smiled at me. His cock rose up to an enormous erection. I went and lay on top of him and we were both covered by the squirting blood of The Book of NEOISM?! .

The Electronic Technology of NEOISM?!  has been credited by some writers as being a kind of post-trans-ultra-substructuralist anti-technology, since it appears to resist totalizing knowledge and is non-linear and non-hierarchical in its arrangement. It could also be credited with erasing the distinction between author and reader, and decentering both in relation to the writing.

I live in an apartment full of colorful garbage. 

I can spend hours readjusting some peripheral aspect of a pile of debris, puncturing long silences only with occasional cryptic non-sequiturs about penguins or a startling piece of extremely bad nutritional advice. 

Most of the time I am by myself, surrounded only by the garbage and the great number of insects that share my space. 

I’m not scared by cockroaches at all. I consider them my NEOIST?!  collaborators. They are helping me to arrange things, change things and most of all they remind me that the World doesn’t belong strictly to humanity as most people would think. 

The World of NEOISM?!  is populated by insects. The insect revolution is just a step away. Time will come when they will take over the entire planet. And then my apartment will become the central headquarters of all operations. I insist that all will be like I say. I am the prophet. And this is my kingdom. Everything I do makes perfect sense. 

NEOISM?!  is me, my duty, my mission, my crap.

NEOISM?!  is bound up with language. NEOISM?!  is a readout of a DNA text in the interactive context of a cultural text. Language makes life behave as mind and NEOISM?!  makes matter behave as life.   

The evidence of counter-revolution indicates that subversion is The Strategy of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?!  brings forth men and women of every gender.
Representations are tools of intervention and terror. We represent in order to terrorize and we terrorize in the red light of anti-representation. NEOISM?!  is only another form of the relationship between genetic code and living body.

NEOISM?! : against the backdrop of delay and anticipation.
NEOISM?! : that was never supposed to be completed.
NEOISM?! : attracting and holding on to collaborator-enemies.
NEOISM?! : radicalized and mechanized aggressive use of the body.
NEOISM?! : the fashion of the Zero.
NEOISM?! : packed into a dilapidated loft.
NEOISM?! : ironic pseudonyms for immortal conspirators. 
NEOISM?! : sensual arabesque of ugly material.

Hastily Monty Cantsin? showed off her beautifully slimmed down and sleek body crawling round her tiny cage, and then, as she had seen the other girls do, she raised her breasts with her hands through the bars of her cage so that the painted nipples touched the glass of the double glazing. Then she lay back and degradingly offered her prettily painted lower-body lips in the position of presentation.

Xenon belongs to a group of subversive elements commonly known as the terrorist inert gases or the rare gases or noble gases because the standoffishness that results from chemical inertness seems indicate a haughty sense of self-importance. 

In the next thousand years there will be no other ism in history. Though this statement sounds very serious it’s only a silly phrase to interrupt this endless discussion about NEOISM?! .

People are imprisoned for years without trial, or shot in the back of the neck or sent to die in scurvy in Arctic lumber camps: this is called elimination of unreliable elements.

All the images of this incoherent narrative are collapsed into ubiquity.
Fragmented, disjointed, nervous-making.

NEOISM?!  is yearning for the end of everything.
NEOISM?!  is leading to the very gates of hahahaism.
NEOISM?!  is exuberant celebration of depthlessness.
NEOISM?!  is pathological.

NEOISM?!  is indifferent to the seductions of the media.
NEOISM?!  pursues indifference despite knowing that the pursuit must end in failure. Transparency and depthlessness are The Fate of NEOISM?! . 

NEOISM?!  confronts the nonsense.
NEOISM?!  is joyful super-ultra-trans-anarchism.
NEOISM?!  is to follow, at random, people in the street for one or two hours.

NEOISM?!  is pure fascination.

The wind came from nowhere.

A super-hurricane of NEOISM?!  that blasted round the globe at hundreds of miles per hour burying whole communities beneath piles of rubble, destroying all organized life and driving those it did not kill to seek safety in tunnels and sewers—where they turned against each other in their desperate struggle to define NEOISM?! .

 

  


This thrillingly organic mix of untraceable ideas, finely tuned sentences and gently lolling lines were plundered from Adolf Hitler, Lincoln Barnett, W Heisenberg, Karl Marx, Lin Piao, Jim Jarmusch, Roni Size, Paul Morrissey, Hilary James, Tiziana Terranova, Susan J. Owen, Gary Indiana, Cheryl Sourkes, P Adams Sitney, JG Ballard.

 nThe title is the most important part of a book. I told it to Indy and she thought I was joking. Indy has reddish eyes because she never sleeps enough. She likes to stay up all night and think about death, fear, violence, war and misery. 

She is the author of several books, among them Erotic Technology, The Treasures of Joy and Pleasure Now!. We met a couple of days ago in Amsterdam. The city was completely empty. I saw only one person in the street: Indy. It was late night. She was thinking about cruelty. I told her the title of my book. She didn’t like it.

The next day we met again in Barcelona. She looked different. “You look different,” I told her. I have never been in Barcelona before. 

Indy told me about her childhood. I can’t remember anything. I wasn’t listen - ing. She was talking and talking for hours. I closed my eyes and imagined an elevator that was going up very slow from the basement to the twenty-eighth floor. When I opened my eyes I found myself in bed with Indy. We were in a hotel room. She caressed my ass. “I can’t sleep” she said, “I keep thinking about the title of your book. I think I like it.”

I wanted to sleep some more.

“It is clear,” continued Indy “that the kind of cruelty that I have been speaking of is only possible if those magic safeguards that I spoke of earlier aren’t present.” At this moment we could hear the noise of an explosion. I jumped out of the bed and ran to the window. I saw Barcelona in flames. It was the first time that I saw Barcelona in flames. Or maybe we were somewhere else. In Amsterdam, for example, or Berlin? Is it really important? What I want is to write a book. And a book has a title. Every book has a title. The title is the most important part of every book. 

“What is essential is the feeling of increased strength and fullness. Out of this feeling one lends to things, one forces them to accept from us, one violates them—this process called idealizing.” When Indy finished this sentence our hotel room was already on fire. “Lets jump out the window” I said. “But we are on the twenty-eighth floor,” Indy said. “Don’t worry Indy. We are not real. The only real thing is the title of my book. Everything else is just a fiction.” 

“That’s the best philosophical thesis I ever heard” Indy said. 

NEOISM?! has an obvious pattern that helps the readers to disengage themselves from the emotionally disturbing counter-drama. 

Should I continue this story or give it up and make an eliminating statement? It’s becoming more like a semi-sweet fairy tale. Too soft to justify NEOISM?! .

I hugged her and we jumped. We were really lucky to fall into our own black hole and escape from the burning misery of Barcelona without getting hurt. And now we can concentrate on our relationship. And this brings me back again the question of confusion. I want to be confused for many reasons. Confusion is freedom. Confusion is love. Confusion is revolution. Confusion is sex. Confusion is endless. Confusion is music. For example. 

I invented Indy to manipulate my stupid ideas. She is just as confused as myself. We don’t know what we want from each other. We are at the beginning of something that has to be developed in this book.

How could we turn an old fashion heterosexual love relationship into an exciting game of NEOISM?! . 

For the moment we are heroes. We are the only people in this book. We survived the Great Explosion in Barcelona. This experience brought us really close. 

We are in tragic love. 

Two minutes ago we made love in a telephone booth and in five minutes we are going to fuck again. We are looking for another good place. “We should try it on a tree” Indy proposes. “The tree is like a big dick stuck into the asshole of the Earth, that is the cunt of the World. And the branches are arms, the extensions of cosmic genitals. Therefore fucking on a tree is like participating in a planetary group sex.” 

I met Indy only two minutes ago but we are already determined conspirators. We know that we have millions of years to fight together. We are ready for the intensities of vextasy and dread and we want the deepest challenges and confrontations to occur. 

“The cancer is in our brain, it’s mental. We have to get rid of our intellectual attitude and break with the business of thinking. Thinking has to serve our mental health, and our mental health is the base of our physical existance.” Indy can talk about these things for hours. She can talk about anything and she always makes sense. She once wrote 200 pages about artificial blood and nudity. And then she threw it in the garbage. Someone fund it and published it under his own name. But Indy didn’t care at all. “Everything is garbage, and I am a lucky baby.” She sounded somewhat enigmatic. “Writing is my life and not my business” she added, and gave a finger to the journalists. 

NEOISM?! , in its relation to money, is once again prophetic, announcing the ultimate outcome of the current crisis. NEOISM?! appears as a negation of the division of roles and labor as constructed by the old codes. 

Are we going to turn an ordinary love story into a superficial philosophical monologue? Yes. Of course. Writing manifestos is the only way to survive the terrorizing socialization of political systems. 

I’m standing in the middle of a circle. I can’t leave the circle for six days. Indy thinks that standing in the middle of a circle for six days is a very effective self-disciplinary exercise. 

The circle is in the middle of a huge abandoned warehouse in Brooklyn. It’s full of empty oil drums. We used to play scrapmetal music here. But now I am condemned to silence. We are all condemned to silence—unless we create our own relation with the world and try to tie other people into the meaning we thus create. 

That is what NEOISM?! is. 

I try to think about Indy. Where is she? She is probably in a spaceship heading towards an unknown planet. She loves to read scifi novels. I hope she will be back soon. I’m hungry and it’s getting cold here. But probably this is part of the circle test. The strong smell of shit and piss is also part of it. The most important task of a writer is to eliminate the story. Spoil the reader’s expectation and upset the critics. 

I’m bored of this circle story. It’s late at night and I’m going to sleep in the middle of a square. 

Indy was rescued from the jaws of a trash compactor when she was two weeks old. In the news they called her “Lucky Baby”. Her mother, a 12-year-old, apparently dumped her newborn down the garbage chute of her apartment as she was heading off to school. She couldn’t take the baby to school and her parents refused to support her. When Indy told me her story I ran out of the house and couldn’t stop running for almost 24 hours. Then I fainted somewhere on the road between New York and Baltimore. 

When I woke up I was standing in the middle of the circle again. I realized that my relationship with Indy is part of a dream in progress. My real life is completely different. 
I’m an experience without aims and objectives. My life depends on my thoughts yet unborn. My entire performance is taking place on a subliminal level. If I feel anger, I give vent. 

NEOISM?! is a movement of revision, with a sub-alternative counterplan, able to tear things down and get steamed up, capable of subverting, disturbing, debunking and pulling things apart. 

The upshot is an incomplete dialectic—all thesis and antithesis, but no synthesis—resulting in intellectual ultra-fragmentation and superficial anti-political corrosion. 
Since it’s impossible to win over masses of people to an idea that’s purely negative, it’s a movement that’s condemned to finish its days in the margins—in fact, to revel in its marginality. 

NEOISM?! has already begun to devour its conspirators. As Indy says: “NEOISM?! is like to be brown in a society that loves pink and pale and to be nappy in a country of blow-dryers.” 

MY CAMP MY CAMP 10 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 11 Only Bruce! For the first time the doctor’s eyes flickered across The World of NEOISM?! . Eyes without a trace of emotion! There are too many things to do and I don’t have enough time. It’s just impossible to perform everything at the same time. Yes, it’s always time, time, time. Time is the soft speaking enemy; time is our murderous ally. I would love to get rid of time and live in a timeless land completely alienated from our time-controlled culture. Do we need the precision of timing in order to synchronize The Different Elements of NEOISM?! ? The beauty of fake nature, the resparkling mountains, the howling shitrivers, the transblue relentless undersky, the revolting dead anymals, the alarming rainpills, black ice and white means, broken fishbones and golden hips. Confusion is also based on time. In a timeless world nobody would be confused. I don’t know exactly what to do. I know that I have a particular mission to perform, however, in spite of all appearances, I’m not clear on the scope of this mission beyond the fact that I have been chosen to create a redeeming confusion and resist authority. Just how this is to be accomplished is also rather vague in my mind, but I’m not greatly concerned about this because an inner voice communicates to me the steps I have to take. This is the guide that leads me on my course with the precision and security of a sleepwalker. Our heart is pumping blood as you say, and that’s a kind of timing, in fact the heart is probably the original watch. Fall in! Line up! Put on your gasmask! Here is a perfect moment (memento mori) to express our (h)opinions. Ah, ah, writing means blood accumulating on paper. And I don’t know what the fuck I’m doing tonight. Blood and oil, blood and oil. Let’s drop the piano! Don’t stare at my monster baby! Indy PS. The solution is total alienation and rediscovery of the inside space. The black hole is in your own body. Break into yourself, swim in the rivers of your blood, climb the mountains of your skeleton! It’s almost summer time. The apple tree in front of the house is full of flowers. When Indy left it was ice-cold winter. For a while a felt stupid but later I realized that it’s much better for us to live a separate life because this way we can send letters to each other. Sheer Indy! I don’t know if I have anything to say, however, this letter might create the illusion that I know what I’m talking about. Each time I sit to my desk I have these polemics in my mind (if my mind is mine) and I think this is my principal impulse, because I have to prove to myself that there is something to say. Of course the most difficult is the first phrase. I have to adjust my brain cells in such a way that by eliminating frustration from my nervous system I could still grab a big piece of angry memory with the polyp-arms of my speeding electrons. This is what happens when you read lots of books at the same time, you have the impression that you lost your style and that makes you feel better because style is not the thing you really want. But that’s not the point. Lets put it this way: you can’t eliminate misery by ascribing it to God’s will. Or, in other words, if you like your first idea why don’t you just keep it? Why do you have to find a better one always? Can I be more concrete than I am? I have the feeling that I’m not telling the truth, that the truth is always hiding somewhere beyond the truth. That’s where reality fails; confusion is always an initiative condition towards communication. What is my New Year message? Ladies and gentlemen! I’m looking for the vertical truth! The road to NEOISM?! is vertical! RECONSTRUCT VERTICAL INTERRELATIONS! Bruce? PS. The murder of logic is not logical murder. This monotonous order of things established by the logic of power is an extremely absurd murder. It has its justifications, the World admits it, but is this a mark of nihilism? The legalizers of murder would deny any anti-philosophical connection. How can one accept the sacrifice of others’ lives and simultaneously defend existance? MY CAMP MY CAMP 12 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 13 Our dear Bruce! Why do you waste my time and yours by trying to define NEOISM?! ? Don’t you see that when you get definitions, that’s all you have? Definitions are destructive to our proper business, which is curiosity, awareness and resistance. I’m more interested in The Idea of NEOISM?! than in NEOISM?! itself. Anything you say about NEOISM?! is ok, however, when I try to think about NEOISM?! according to what you just said then I realize that it is not NEOISM?! anymore. In this letter I’ll discuss the separation between aesthetics and NEOISM?! . Assert that NEOISM?! is analogous to an analytic proposition and that it is our existance as a biological tautology that enables NEOISM?! to remain aloof from philosophical presumptions. The relation of aesthetics to NEOISM?! is not unlike that of aesthetics to architecture, in that architecture has a very specific function and how good its design is primarily related to how well it performs its convulsion. Thus, judgments on what it looks like correspond to taste, and we can see that throughout history different examples of architecture are praised at different times depending on the aesthetics of particular epochs. I rented an apartment in downtown. It’s Sunday afternoon. Dead Sunday. You know how much I hate boring Sundays. This city smells really bad. And people have no eyes. Or, I don’t know what, but you just cant see their eyes because they never look into your eyes. Maybe they feel ashamed of their bad breath. The streets are full of dogshit. You really have to watch your steps. Some of them are spray painted gold. However, you can’t believe in it, but I never saw so many limousines in my life, you know, those really long ones? You don’t even see other cars, only these long white limousines. They go slow. And you know what? They are empty. I mean it. No driver, no passengers. It took me a while to find out what’s happening. It’s insane. You can’t believe it. Are you curious? I bet you are. This city has been designed this way. The dogshit, the bad smell and the white limousines are part of the architecture. You know how much I love to look at myself in the mirror while I’m masturbating. Long live smooth surface!!!!!!!! Indy (I smell good). The age-old splendors, terrors and fetishes of the monarchy of our love seemed to have vanished with winter’s snow. Indy knows how to cook oysters half a dozen ways. But we usually eat them raw, as part of the morning celebration. The best place to eat oysters is the bathtub. We take a bath together, and set up a table in the tub. We eat the oysters with lemon, and drink cold, very dry white wine or champagne. Then, of course, we get really high and finish our breakfast with sucking each other to eternity. Indy has been singing in a band for a while. “Music was damaging my vision. I couldn’t see what’s true.” But I kept her songs in my mind. Especially the last lines of Bad Attitude. “You will be punished. You will feel bad on your own. You will feel guilty. Unworthy. Isolated. You won’t tell anyone, because you are ashamed to tell. 1984 is here forever. Hell, hell, hell.” Indy! Do you remember me? I get the best ideas when I have to worry about money. When everything is in bad shape. When the World falls apart and I’m falling into that big nothing of everything. NEOISM?! repeats itself, the first time as total suicide and the second time as endless vacation. NEOISM?! emphasizes the elimination of idealogy. NEOISM?! takes over the role of the cultural executioner. “But this isn’t NEOISM?! !”—“But this is NEOISM?! !”—it must be possible to give both remarks a theoretical justification. NEOISM?! does not talk about the senses because for it sensations and senses appear only when you turn back to the concrete act of knowledge in order to analyze it. You then distinguish in it a contingent matter and necessary form, but matter is an unreal phase and not a separable element of the total act. Therefore there are not the senses, but only consciousness. I am interested in oysters, non-traditional medicine, crank economic theories, yoga, flying saucers, right- and left-wing political cults, hot summer nights, fishing, fire, steamirons, haircuts, scrapmetal, useless information, invisible life, isms, blood taking and love making methods, how to turn blood into gold, rice, fruits, catastrophies, electronics, destruction, revolutions, sparking eyes, dirty jobs, everything that is chaotic and disorganized, the beginning, the end, the beginning of the end, immortality, robots, aliens, alienation, subversion, hidden treasures, terrorism, confrontation, orgasm, colorless rainbow, artificial insemination, confusion, claustrophobia, flags, troublemaking, eternity, divinity, military language, resurrection, ice cream, monsters, uniforms, nothing, timeless living, execution, vitality, ruins, landscape-painting, negative sentence, perversity, bread, shit and uninteresting things. NEOISM?! is continuous but there are turning points. We have to plant disinformation and sing propagandistic anthems. Your lost no-thing: Bruce. MY CAMP MY CAMP 14 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 15 I hate it. We have to get closer and work on NEOISM?! together. But somewhere I got to wondering about our devotion to NEOISM?! . Is it real? You don’t talk about your theory and projects, therefore I’m scared to move from here with you. It’s a terrible feeling. I want to love you and be a happy conspiracy. It sounds so simple. Please don’t leave me when we need to talk about NEOISM?! . I panic when you don’t listen to my thesis. Sometimes I need to fly. You need to hold me, be my wing, my archangel. Indy. NEOISM?! is the result of unrealistic expectations. Indy is always full of six opulences—namely complete wealth, complete strength, complete fame, complete knowledge, complete beauty and complete renunciation. She tries to relate The Content of NEOISM?! to the content of the collective consciousness: how people think and act in daily life. “The essential relation between social life and NEOISM?! does not lie in content but only in the mental structures” she often stated in her theoretical lectures when she was 12 years old. The difficulty of finding satisfaction through NEOISM?! is always fascinating. “I didn’t want what happened to me to happen. NEOISM?! was given to me. A gift from God or the devil, but something I didn’t want.” NEOISM?! should be as basic as bread. And when you say something like this then what else you can say? The love story of Indy and Bruce becomes much more complicated when we don’t try to explain the basic needs of a relationship. Writing is anti-scientific method of learning the business of lying. This text is a starting point, not the end. It is not a sacred text. Who knows these days what is imaginary and what is real? I hold that the love story of Indy and Bruce is not imaginary, because I was there, in Montreal. Others, however, hold that we were not there, and the two of us could have had a simultaneous masturbatory hallucination in Akademgorod. NEOISM?! is a noise inside yourself, a noise that runs through your blood. The sound of the blood is the sound you always want to hear from NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! belongs to the sphere of masturbation. It’s easier to talk about NEOISM?! when you’re talking about something else. It is easier to talk about NEOISM?! when we are talking about Indy and Bruce. I’m more interested in saying that you get involved with NEOISM?! in much the same way that you walk into a dark brainforest. And as you move about in this forest, you begin to realize that it’s full of secrets, it’s haunted by spirits. You realize that this forest is the locus of your life, or your bunker, and your fear as well, if you want to have a look at it. NEOISM?! is very close to such an ancestral image of a brainforest. NEOISM?! is an enormous forest of pubic hair. And I think of a forest as a place that’s impossible to understand and to find your way around. It’s a place where you can loose yourself, a place where anything at all can happen, a place that stimulates discoveries of confusing calculations. NEOISM?! is something that touches you emotionally and spiritually and sets up certain harmonics in your psyche. NEOISM?! is supposed to be the synthesis of everything, the explanation to end all explanations of everything NEOISM?! was ever supposed to be about. NEOISM?! belongs to the sphere of masturbation, as I said before. NEOISM?! explores the emotion of disappointment. Look at the whole thing as a send up, something to have a good laugh about, a joke. Anybody can do it. All you have to do is to do everything in The Name of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! will fail for many reasons, not the least of which is that it’s a bad idea. But NEOISM?! raises a number of questions worth asking. NEOISM?! intends to question The Role of NEOISM?! itself and its relation to the dynamics of power within our specific culture. Bruce! I wish everything could be as we want. Right now! I don’t know what I want, but I want it right now! Probably it is going to take more self-determination. You don’t like being on this planet. It shows, you have no time to love anyone, any thing; your suffering madness makes me the same. I’m not usually like this screaming BITCH I’ve become. MY CAMP MY CAMP 16 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 17 knew what to do. He knew a secret door that led to a secret passage. The door would be opened when it was needed and someone would go outside to a forgotten world. The girl (he didn’t even know her name) was crying. Her parents were deadly wounded. Her large, beautiful eyes were wet with tears, her lovely long eyelashes spread wide, like a plant bursting into flower. Bruce took her hand and then without saying a word they just started to run. They reached the secret door. There was a sign above the gate that said: THIS IS THE ENTRANCE TO THE FORGOTTEN WORLD. DON’T BE CAREFUL. GET LOST. They ran through the secret passage. A few minutes later they were in a safe place, somewhere at the ocean. They ran into the water and they felt total happiness. The most important thing to remember is to use NEOISM?! often, to make it a regular part of your language. Ten years later when Bruce met Indy in Amsterdam he remembered his early-undeveloped love affair and the connected, blossoming fantasy. He could never forget the flames that heated his body and the burning world he saw in his dreams. What was more important? The girl or the fantasy? The feeling of love or the desire for heroism? Bruce hated scientific methods and rejected the theories of psychoanalysis. “We are not subject to the lies of science!” he proclaimed in his manifestos. But he wasn’t sure why he always had to go against everything. Was it in his blood? Negation and refusal were fulfilling his mind. “I negate to negate the negation of negation…” he sung, backed up by the wind. The only thing he could accept and respect was love. In fact, being in love was his only concern in life. He didn’t care about work, money, cars, career. He just wanted to be in love, all the time. Night. The stars and the moon impassive, undisturbed, eternal. A little of their impassivity flows into me. They are consoling. They reduce the intensity and acuteness of human sorrow. I feel less strangled, less oppressed. I transfer to the moon and the stars some of the trust in life I once had, and realize that serenity comes from acceptance of death. There is an end to pain. All of us will die one day, but in these pages we will continue to talk about NEOISM?! , smile and make love for ever. I saw a plant called the “plant of life” that can live without roots. Its leaves throw off foamy hairs. Wherever a piece of this plant falls it flowers richly. Indy is swimming in a river. She sees a dead body. She takes the body home with her. She takes the body to her bed to warm it up. Bruce is walking in the street. He is thinking about an open window. An old lady is looking out of the window and smiling. She looks larger than life. Is this the end? The drums beat loudly, the cymbals clash, and a terrible, huge dragon head, like those in children’s books, appears. The dead body gets up and runs back to the river. The river is the Dragon, and the Dragon is the old lady. Everything seems to be way too logical. It bothers me. The Field of NEOISM?! may be considered in three concentric circles: the original idea, its development, and additions to it. Several of the additions came from internal weakness, and might be described as degenerations, as distinct from developments. NEOISM?! , like any other form of relative truth, must vary with the individual. Nobody fully understands NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! may be compared to a net, a net of principles, life-tendencies, knots in the flow of life, vortices of force called matter. Pick up a knot of the net and the rest of the net comes with it. There is nothing at all new, strange, or unusual about NEOISM?! . You are already using it every day, every minute in fact. It is your natural power, the basic energy of the Universe, which you use constantly, whether or not you are aware of it. I do not consider myself by any means an expert of NEOISM?! . The more I study and use NEOISM?! , the more I discover how confusing and superficial its potential is. Truly it is as infinitely convulsing as the ideas of new lovers. NEOISM?! makes the future and the present and the past happen at once. I can’t find the sentence I’m looking for. Bruce fell in love for the first time when he was 14 and lived in Budapest. But, as it often happens in this age, he didn’t have the courage to confess his feelings to the girl he loved. They lived in the same apartment building; however, they didn’t know each other at all. Bruce saw her in the street every day going to school or on the way back home, but they never said hello to each other. A few times they happened to take the elevator together. “If only there were a great earthquake! If so, then I could rescue her. Or a major war would do just as well. If it broke out, I could save her life. Something must happen that will shake the whole country to its foundations. A revolution!” He imagined a bloody revolution, their building was on fire, everybody tried to escape somehow, but in the street the tanks ran over them. Only Bruce MY CAMP MY CAMP 18 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 19 Can I suck your toes? I was still sitting in the sand, hiding in the shadow of the boat. Her foot, shining in the moonlight, hung in the air in front of me. I reached out, took it in my hand, and sucked her toes. “Why happiness is always near to the ocean?” asked me Indy. The waves were going wild and each had a different color. The ocean was singing and the earth began a dance. Indy and Bruce perceived the vitality of convulsion. They were right there where everybody else would like to be. It was a perfect moment of pleasure. And they didn’t even know what was going on until one day they realized that they were gone. Indy sucked Bruce into her body and Bruce ate her until they became one. And then in what seemed to be a volcanic eruption, according to The Book of NEOISM?! , they exploded into millions of particles of NEOISM?! . In the middle of a revolution we have no time for fine scruples over copyrights, however, I note that with this chapter I have reconfigured and updated some ideas of: John Fraser, Friedrich Nietzsche, Jacques Attali, Daniel Lazare, Jack Saunders, Ludwig Wittgenstein, Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Ursula Meyer, John Cage, Lawrence Weiner, Joseph Kosuth, Isaac Deutscher, Gianfranco Baruchello, Henry Martin, Krista Goddess, Lucien Goldmann, Jean Genet, His Divine Grace AC Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, Peter Schumann, Christmas Humphreys, Shakti Gawain, Yukio Mishima, Richard Brautigan, Anaïs Nin. Who is Indy? I am Indy. Anyone can be Indy by using this name: Indy. Indy Vidual. Indy Visible. Indy Cator. Indy Screet. Indy Genous. Genius. Indy Go. Go! I am one of those who do not have a regular name. I don’t understand why everything that kills is possible and everything that stimulates life is treated as mad. What do you expect from me? I find it very difficult to be involved with something I don’t even understand. But it is also very exciting. I don’t know what I’m talking about but still it makes sense. This might be The Message of NEOISM?! . I am always short of money and in debt. There are many that I can be. I will be many persons from now on. We walked somewhere. Bruce and I, hand in hand. There were flowers all around. There is my name, I told him. From now on, I’ll be more than one. Many people. As many as you can think of. Bruce was smiling. His smile was so brilliant, so wild, so sensual, that I ceased making fun of his intellectual attitude. That was in Barcelona. I took a walk at the beach, alone. He walked in front of me. He took long steps, he expanded his chest, he seemed in a state of physical euphoria. The passionate heart fills all space with life and rings like an organ playing to fantastic echoes. The same applies to every organ of the body. What else could I do than talk about my story with Bruce? Are there any more important things? What is important? And when we talk, when are we saying something important? Is the weather important? And talking about the weather? Why the title of his book is so important? Why Bruce thinks that the title is the most important part of a book? Why he wants to be superficial? Why he wants to be negative? How can someone be negative and be in love at the same time? How can you live in a world in which you pay for everything? Why do we have to pay for everything? Do I need money to be loved? What are you waiting for? Are you waiting for your death? Why should we die? Why NEOISM?! ? Everything is reflected in The Mirror of NEOISM?! if you stand long enough in front of it. I have mirrors everywhere in my house and I’m not afraid of them. Some people are afraid and don’t want to see anything in The Mirror of NEOISM?! , not even themselves. In which book I’m going to find the redeeming message I’m looking for? Can a message be redeeming? What are the redeeming words? Which word is more redeeming? You must learn not to ask anything from NEOISM?! . I was scratching my head and Indy was in the kitchen, buttering herself a slice of toast and singing her favorite anthem. “Let me live like a sky-rocket. Let me color the night sky, just for an instant with all my being and then burn out.” MY CAMP MY CAMP 20 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 21 I ’m doing it because it’s futile. Totally futile. I’m doing it because I believe it is futile. And I want to show that it is futile. NEOISM?! has been involved with the effects of technological society on the biological individual for some time now. NEOISM?! at present is about the confusion of boundaries that exist in our complex technological age. NEOISM?! is involved with two forces that have had impact upon life: the inner psychological (twinning) and the outer social (technology) and, to collapse the aforementioned division between them, NEOISM?! examines the twinship in a scientific way (twin research), and technology in terms of other realms (myth and fantasy). Does NEOISM?! , in any form or from any place, change the World? There is an inherent radicalness in making the decision that the World, if only on the altering of a single object, needs to change. The Effect of NEOISM?! is ambivalent and ambiguous. NEOISM?! arouses conflicting emotions but does not quite satisfy them. NEOISM?! leaves the reader feeling simultaneously entertained and annoyed. The resolution is not satisfying; no orderly pattern is offered; no harmonious unity imposed. One does not need to define NEOISM?! to be able to use it perfectly well. NEOISM?! doesn’t offer solutions, but that’s obviously not the point. By stripping down the reason and idealogy without regard to politics or morality, NEOISM?! is truly subversive, as in to overturn, and truly radical as in escaping from the roots. The Only Real Positive Statement of NEOISM?! is iconoclasm, and proceed - ing from there, the passionate belief in the ability of dissonance, disorder, confusion and chaos to shake the very foundation of society. That is the gutlevel feeling that continues to make NEOISM?! , in the face of reason, seem vital and valuable. As a rule, NEOISM?! is a pleasant state; accordingly, the apprehension of the incongruity between what is conceived and what is perceived, ie medi - tation, gives us pleasure, and we gladly give ourselves up to the spasmodic convulsion excited by The Apprehension of NEOISM?! . The trouble with NEOISM?! is that we may not know whether it succeeds as NEOISM?! for some time, even for generations. As with methematical ideas, so with NEOISM?! : both may be despised by their contemporaries. To many, NEOISM?! is a useful Cyclops, a one-eyed monster that a few specialists can tame and whose repertoire runs only into tricks in words and confusion. But today NEOISM?! has sprouted so many branches—many kinds of convulsion, subversion and curious resistance—it has grown into a many-headed Argus. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE Short Course Short Course The Plethora of NEOISM?! The Damnation of NEOISM?! The Conflict Theory of Surplus Value in a Spasmodic Epoch Full of Catastrophies OUT OF THE LABYRINTH AND INTO THE OPEN The against comes before the for Useless is useless 22 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 23 his life with a useless philosophy. For a life without NEOISM?! isn’t even on a level with mere existance these days. The World is sick with NEOISM?! . The best way to combat NEOISM?! is to recognize it and then face up to it. NEOISM?! is a transcontinental monstrosity. NEOISM?! is the sum total of everything you have felt and touched. NEOISM?! is the sum total of everything you have not felt and touched. Without NEOISM?! , human beings would become as serene and contented as cows. Start anywhere. Read until you realize I put you on. Go back where you started and start over. Try to understand my situation. Is NEOISM?! a single, easily defined aberration? According to the Romanian Academy there are six separate types of NEOISM?! : HYPO-NEOISM?! , STATE NEOISM?! , NEURO-NEOISM?! , PSYCHO-NEOISM?! , REACTIVE NEOISM?! and HYSTERICAL NEOISM?! . And of course there are the mixed groups: HYPOREACTIVE STATE NEOISM?! , or NEURO HYSTERICAL PSYCHO NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is to find ways of messing up everything. Anyone who cannot get stimulation and benefit out of NEOISM?! must indeed be far down the road toward complete domination by the death instinct. There can be no peace of mind or peace of soul without peace of NEOISM?! . A subliminal campaign of strategically administered doses of NEOISM?! can alter the cultural pillars of rationality forever. NEOISM?! radically shifts from institutionalized information. NEOISM?! brings disorder out of order. NEOISM?! is not the answer to any problem. NEOISM?! is just the combined methematical sum total of nothingness. NEOISM?! is a survivalistic necessity and the only action is producing disinformation that threatens aesthetics or investigates divergence. NEOISM?! is pseudoscientific nonsense, and, after all, just another plaything to make the mind do somersaults. The Wordy Diatribes of NEOISM?! , admittedly entertaining when taken with a grain of salt, often seem designed for masses of robots or tractors, not human beings. Both the introduction and the rest of this pamphlet are confusing rambles, full of both unsubstantiated blanket statements and irrelevant details. The Most Important Task of NEOISM?! is searching—new sounds, new images, new pleasures. Searching for NEOISM?! is a way of consuming energy, spending energy, storing energy. NEOISM?! is a way of being. In a word, NEOISM?! is about relationships. NEOISM?! is the eternal quest for the holy grail of ideal confusion. NEOISM?! lies outside us and our function is to discover or to observe it. The Sheer Absurdity of NEOISM?! prompted Bolyai to urge his methematician son to abandon his researches on NEOISM?! . I have traveled, the older Bolyai wrote, past all reefs of this infernal Dead Sea and have always come back with broken mat and torn sail. NEOISM?! does not offer truth but is a ready-made fable having the semblance of fact. To control NEOISM?! one must get as far away from it as possible. To control the concrete one must abstract its essence. NEOISM?! is a heavy feeling in the chest that has no physical explanation. NEOISM?! has its root in the mind. NEOISM?! is not tangible, therefore it is difficult to define. NEOISM?! hides behind a myriad of symptoms. I live back in a steaming swamp and nobody fucks with me. But my territory is being encroached on. When you are approached by NEOISM?! , certain protective, physiological changes take place in your mechanism. There is an outpouring of adrenalin into your blood stream and your pupils widen, your heart pounds rapidly, your muscles tense, your senses sharpen: you have been prepared to fight or run. The very limitations of our knowledge about NEOISM?! have resulted in a great deal of misunderstanding and dissension about what actually constitutes a mental illness, or a psychoneurosis, and what does not. One does not have to delve far into psychiatric and psychological writings to realize the necessity for bringing some sort of order out of the chaos surrounding The Present-Day Concepts of NEOISM?! . The reader does not even necessarily have to agree with all The Details of NEOISM?! to realize that each person must build and fill for himself a philosophic reservoir on which to draw in time of need. If NEOISM?! is so widespread, and so incompatible with a normal measure of happiness in the human being’s day-to-day existance, it deserves unremitting consideration and treatment if we hope someday to wash it out of troubled minds. It is important for each one of us to develop an unworkable philosophy that will make it impossible to cope with the major exigencies of radical living. If we don’t see our course we flounder and sink quickly. Life in its living becomes anxious, futile and depressing. We need a formula not only for survival but for whatever sickness we can milk out of existance. At no time in history has there been greater need than now for the individual to fortify Short Course Short Course 24 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 25 with the help of ingenious disguises and a rather childish hypocrisy. These instincts, which are the most deeply rooted in the human psyche, are on the one hand fear, on the other, the taste for blood and gold. Nevertheless, there are obviously problems when one tries thinking seriously about NEOISM?! . The Intensity of NEOISM?! comes from the fact that an open-situation is especially likely to be charged with ambiguous feelings these days. NEOISM?! itself, traditionally the perquisite of victorious inviders, is one of the most insidiously fascinating, if least discussed, of the more unpleasant human activities. Indeed, the fact that NEOISM?! is so little discussed is obviously an important reason for its fascination. NEOISM?! is able to transform everything disagreeable into something likable, everything repugnant into something attractive. NEOISM?! , in a purely neurotic sense, means the test of your courage, of your sexual prowess, of your revolutionary thinking. NEOISM?! requires a hyper-intensity of response to situations that are beyond one’s grasp. NEOISM?! is to refuse to feel guilty about the failures of imagination. The Crucial Emergence of NEOISM?! clearly resulted from the felt tyranny of postmodernism. Virtually all the cultural commentators in this century had been in error in calling for a vigilantly critical attitude towards NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the abandonment of most of the features thought of as desirable if one were trying to live intensely the life of the mind. In NEOISM?! every novelty is immediately welcomed and enthroned in place of traditional ideas and mechanisms. NEOISM?! reflects the apathy of the tourist who never looks twice at the same thing. From this point of view it is significant that the strategy of defiantly refusing to feel anything sharp and clear while playing in a game where feeling is conventionally demanded has become a standard feature of a sizeable part of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is felt to promise not merely a titillating but a radical relief from accidie. It is easy enough to see why NEOISM?! should have come to be seen in terms of an escape, a release, an intense self-affirmation, whether by individuals or groups; or, relatedly, as a way of forcing people to truth. The Performers of NEOISM?! may really expose themselves to prosecution. NEOISM?! is an unbelievable reality, which gives the heart and the senses that kind of obscure bite that all fake sensation requires. NEOISM?! combines a desolating banality of vision and poverty of invention with inordinate self-conceit. The Common Denominator of NEOISM?! is that one is involved temporarily with modes of consciousness in which certain kinds of collapse have occurred, or in which certain kinds of psychic impoverishment are all too visible, and that are largely sealed off from normal anti-social ones. I am primarily concerned with some of the ways in which our sympathies flow and recoil in our dealings with NEOISM?! , and with why it is that some philosophies seem to make for intellectual clarity and a more civilized consciousness, while NEOISM?! makes for confusion. NEOISM?! is as much about sexual styles as it is about aesthetic ones, and it obviously contributed to the recognition of a considerably wider range of sexual behavior than hitherto. NEOISM?! is even now something of a terra incognita intellectually. No one engaged in thought about history and politics can remain unaware of the enormous role NEOISM?! has always played in human affairs, and it is at first glance rather surprising that it has been singled out so seldom for special consideration. One of the well-known peculiarities of modern civilized opinion is its refusal to acknowledge The Value of NEOISM?! . The interconnection between sadism, masochism, success worship, power worship, nationalism, totalitarianism and NEOISM?! is a huge subject whose edges have barely been scratched, and even to mention it is considered somewhat indelicate. NEOISM?! gives intellectuals, especially academics, a respectable pretext for continuing to indulge in, or for returning to, certain real and private pleasures without having to feel any longer that they were thereby demonstrating an incorrigible badness of taste and betraying their professional standards irredeemably. I compose my manifestos as if I knew what I were doing. As if what I were doing made sense. What sense? The concern with NEOISM?! is directed at a myth. NEOISM?! demands an ocean where there are islands. NEOISM?! constructs a monolith of diversity. NEOISM?! rejects formulas to manifest the complexity of confusion. NEOISM?! presumes cure-alls where we have no diagnosis. The Functions of NEOISM?! are numerous: NEOISM?! as release, NEOISM?! as communication, NEOISM?! as play, NEOISM?! as self-affirmation, NEOISM?! as self-defense, NEOISM?! as self-discovery, NEOISM?! as self-destruction, NEOISM?! as a flight from reality, NEOISM?! as the truest sanity in an open situation, NEOISM?! as a demonstration of insanity, and so on. The distrust for NEOISM?! resulted substantially from the fact that the whole genre is addressed to instincts that people don’t like to gratify except Short Course Short Course 26 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 27 NEOISM?! looks for and offers philosophical arguments about the essential awfulness of humanity and the inevitable cruelty of existance. It is because of the daring and ruthlessness of its interrogations that NEOISM?! remains genuinely radical however often one returns to it. From the point of view of the mind, NEOISM?! signifies rigor, implacable intention and decision, irreversible and absolute determination. NEOISM?! is above all lucid. NEOISM?! is not at all a matter of vicious cruelty, cruelty bursting with perverse appetites and expressing itself in bloody gestures, sickly excrescences upon already contaminated flesh, but on the contrary, a pure and detached idea, a veritable movement of the mind based on the gestures of life itself. The Present State of NEOISM?! in the West is tied, through its discourse, to the idealogical reorganization necessitated by the emplacement of confusion. The theoretical conspirator acts within this logic, however ambiguous it may be. The absence of meaning is the necessary condition for The Legitimacy of NEOISM?! . For several generations we will be occupied with The Construction and Structuration of NEOISM?! , a new language that will be the vehicle of the masterpieces of the future. NEOISM?! has become a terrorism tempered by misery, the misery of each in his place. NEOISM?! encounters death. NEOISM?! has broken out of its codes. NEOISM?! loads the reader with lore, insight and truly trenchant emotional epiphanies. NEOISM?! carries us into the most private regions of despair. NEOISM?! calls it just a moratorium. NEOISM?! examines the day and age of facsimile: why we copy rather than ‘create’? NEOISM?! is the herald of the birth of a relation never yet seen. NEOISM?! is a collective refuge from powerlessness and isolation. NEOISM?! is sheer enticement. NEOISM?! is the ritualization of anger. NEOISM?! is the most famous unknown philosophy. NEOISM?! is dissonance in harmony. NEOISM?! is an explosion of violence in identity. NEOISM?! is no, non, not. NEOISM?! is a crime against humanity. NEOISM?! is no longer a breakdown, a rupture. To be a spectator of NEOISM?! is to be drawn temporarily away from larger structures of thought and values, and shut up inside the walls of The Theater of NEOISM?! or wherever it is, with a confusion and thinning-out of one’s insane consciousness. The Action of NEOISM?! , like that of plague, is beneficial, for impelling people to see themselves as they are, it causes the mask to fall, reveals the lie, the slackness, baseness and hypocrisy of our World. The Chief Problem of NEOISM?! is to find new ways to be annoying to the people annoyed by NEOISM?! . The Superficiality of NEOISM?! is a reflection of popular tendency. NEOISM?! tries to evade the rationalism of the historian, preferring moralistic emotional theorizing. NEOISM?! should have repelled us with its constant reminders of immortality. But mysteries continued to cloud the era. And, like NEOISM?! , mystery is a powerful attraction. One of the greatest poetic virtues of NEOISM?! is to set the deception of social iniquities and human perversions in the light of the phantasmagorias and terrors of childhood, at the risk of sometimes leading them to become confused with each other. NEOISM?! is a life-enhancing system with its confidence that the more candidly we gaze into the depths of ourselves, the greater will be our capacity for love and communion. NEOISM?! demonstrates the real nature of human beings, our fundamental disorderliness and will to destruction, our hatred of constraints, our resentment of ideas and ideals and all other artificial constructions. Hence the conspirator who deals honestly with NEOISM?! becomes a kind of nose-rubber or mirror-holder, someone rubbing the spectator’s nose in the disagreeable, and holding up a mirror in which we can contemplate the essential filthiness, nastiness and beastliness of humanity. One cannot bear to face certain philosophical truths about existance. One cannot bear The Terrifying Honesty of NEOISM?! . To involve oneself with NEOISM?! can indeed compel one into thought about oneself and human society, sometimes very painful and disconcerting thought. It is a liberal illusion that nothing in The World of NEOISM?! is irrevocable and that one can always go home again if one chooses. When you look long into an abyss, the abyss also looks into you. Part of the fascination of NEOISM?! lies in its returning over and over again to certain themes. In NEOISM?! the process of distortion is more subtle. Short Course Short Course 28 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 29 It was late summer night. A perfect lobster moon, full and orange, hung low on the horizon. NEOISM?! is the manipulation of the space between our emotional involvement with existance and fiction. NEOISM?! has built into its own potential the capacity for destroying itself. Nothing keeps renewing itself the way NEOISM?! does. The fundamental beliefs (there are no such things in NEOISM?! ) are constantly threatened by NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the invisible dust that is everywhere. NEOISM?! can not be measured. NEOISM?! is about taking a subway ride and ending up in the lost and found department. Surrendering The Stability of NEOISM?! is a problem. The need to identify NEOISM?! with ideas is probably the outgrowth of the need to assign our feelings to the things that prompt them. NEOISM?! may or may not be understood through intellectual operations. NEOISM?! is no longer interested in formal obligations. Tracing the origin of NEOISM?! leads one back to the basic confusion in the notion of abstraction. NEOISM?! is the new wisdom of fallen angels. NEOISM?! is positive, it comes from the feeling of human being. NEOISM?! is an extension of life and travels the Earth and goes to eternity. NEOISM?! spreads living into the superlative and by its magic people confused. NEOISM?! is a dizzy hysteria of ismism. NEOISM?! is against what most people are for, and for what most are against. NEOISM?! is a state of blindness. It consists largely of negations. NEOISM?! is a call for freeing ourselves of any movement, and not a label for yet another movement. NEOISM?! ’s freedom from rationality allows the possibility of astonishing counter-adventures. NEOISM?! isn’t a question of understanding, it’s a matter of acceptance. It is possible to derive another conception of movement by replacing the underlying idea of progress with conflict as The Driving Force of NEOISM?! . Controversy, polemic, constant questioning, self-doubting, alienation, the subversion of authority, rebellion—all these characteristics at one time or another animate NEOISM?! and simultaneously work against coherence and unity. As windmills upon the earth turn and turn again—so upon the sea sails fill and fulfill while the mysteries of the winds blow ever as they list. NEOISM?! is noise. NEOISM?! is noism. NEOISM?! is nothing. NEOISM?! is novelty. NEOISM?! is noxious. NEOISM?! is nourishment. NEOISM?! is repressed and monitored. NEOISM?! is in the midst of sound. NEOISM?! evokes an image of unstoppable subversion. NEOISM?! announces a form of crisis different from the one to which we are accustomed in the schemas of representation. The Theories of NEOISM?! shaped our perceptions to realize that something vital may be missing from our experience. Pay for the mess that you didn’t create! It is not the least of the paradoxes of our research that we have detected silence in the midst of rebellion, repetition in NEOISM?! that talks so much about change. Mass production compels confusion, thus it creates the base for The Natural Counter-Attack of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is not caused by an excessive will to difference, but on the contrary by the mass production of uniformity and the absence of goodwill, making people open toward a sublimating convulsion. NEOISM?! is meaningless, liquidating, the prelude to a cold social silence in which humanity will reach the end. The absence of meaning in NEOISM?! is the herald of the birth of a relation never yet seen. NEOISM?! is a satirical gesture toward a dim-witted, elitist establishment. NEOISM?! is the total absence of good taste. You don’t have to buy NEOISM?! to have it. You can have it just by knowing it. What is revealed is that NEOISM?! itself is an activity of change, of disorientation and shift, of violent discontinuity and mutability, of the willingness for confusion even in the service of discovering new perceptual modes. NEOISM?! leaps to conclusions that logic cannot reach. NEOISM?! does not exist in actuality, but is based on probability. Once one has understood NEOISM?! there will be no temptation to concern oneself anymore with NEOISM?! , which is neither empirical like science nor tautological like methematics. One will abandon NEOISM?! , which, as traditionally understood, is rooted in confusion. Reading about NEOISM?! , one begins to get the impression that there is nothing more to be said. However, in spite of all, NEOISM?! is only the beginning of everything. Short Course Short Course 30 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 31 You are driven to a skyscraper prison. It is disguised to look like an ordinary skyscraper. The Value of NEOISM?! is not in the elemental unconscious heroism of the mass, but in a heroism that refracts itself through every individual consciousness. It is inevitable that The Tall Structure of NEOISM?! , built of equivocation and delusion, should one day crumble over the heads of those who erected it. NEOISM?! is a tense search for new principles, new forms and a new content of social life. In NEOISM?! no authority and no truth is taken for granted. The Naked Materiality of NEOISM?! effectively opens everyone’s eyes, its crude mechanism operates openly, and each of its movements liberates a part of humanity that it anticipates recuperating at the following stage, in the contradictory and permanent progress towards its self-destruction. NEOISM?! sets off to look for the child repressed in the adult. NEOISM?! shows that thought censors the way desires are expressed, does it by so doing cease to be also separate thought, counter-censorship dissimulating the split between body and brain, emancipation imprisoned in the relationship between master and slave, liberation caught in the trap of initiator and candidate. Thanks to NEOISM?! , the transformation of sensual intelligence into intellectual function reaches its peak of superficial non-perfection. NEOISM?! teaches one to change one’s life, to adapt the unbearable malaise of private survival into the social norms of universal confusion. There is no a clear choice posited between getting beyond NEOISM?! or letting it rot within us, to live its flowering or to trample on it. NEOISM?! claims to set free the demon of marvel. The search for NEOISM?! is not archeology into the past but the present calling for life. The Promised Land, inverted until now in history, will be reborn in a union with NEOISM?! . Terrorists and suicidal revolutionaries with their vengeful despair were society’s suppressed bad conscience breaking out, until NEOISM?! spilled its confused nightmare over us and gave us cosmic-urban-eternity. You need neither guidelines nor laws to enjoy NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! captures life in its roles and changes of role, as action, convulsive flesh fighting with the scales of commercial criteria. The more my curiosity encounters resistance the more it persuades me to go on. NEOISM?! is intrinsically volatile and threatens the very sense of community that it fosters. Liberated from the idea that avant-garde movements are supposed to succeed one another, we can entertain the historical possibilities of The Risk and Failure of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! has never been a monolithic entity but rather a loose amalgam of factions, sometime in uneasy truce, sometimes in conflict. NEOISM?! will continue to exist forever by ceasing to be right now. NEOISM?! is babytalk massage. NEOISM?! contradicts itself so often that its condition becomes disheartening. NEOISM?! is like being all dressed up and no place to go. NEOISM?! is anything that seems wrong. NEOISM?! is the triumph of the memory. NEOISM?! subverts any control we think we have over situations. NEOISM?! arose in opposition to the socially sanctioned institutions of the culture network. This conflict has resulted in The Marginal Status of NEOISM?! and hence its own anti-institutional character. The Nude Descending a Stairway is an abstraction of NEOISM?! . The Methods of NEOISM?! are constantly changing. NEOISM?! is all a matter of personality. NEOISM?! is perception with obsession. NEOISM?! awakens the people and enthuses it to fight against its oppressors. NEOISM?! puts the people to sleep again. NEOISM?! is characterized by a tense and passionate revolutionary distrust. NEOISM?! ends, as it had begun, in confusion. NEOISM?! discovered through passionate debate a new mode of existance. NEOISM?! leads to the brink of the abyss. NEOISM?! can grow only as a reaction from an environment of total control. NEOISM?! feeds off total control. NEOISM?! opened a new epoch, an epoch of blood and gold. NEOISM?! is secret existance under an assumed identity. NEOISM?! is the senile man who, seeing a lame child hobble down the street, attempts through neither sympathy nor mockery, but sheer stupidity, to hobble. NEOISM?! is the cult of the Promethean individualist who would triumph, not only in spite of society, but by deliberately violating its most cherished rules. NEOISM?! is the result of pronounced regimentation coexisting with denounced chaos. NEOISM?! is one of those violent convulsions that occur unexpectedly in every revolution, upset the plans of all leaders, accelerate the rhythm of events and press the polarization of hostile forces to the utter limit. Short Course Short Course 32 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 33 You might sense that the writer has not worked hard enough or put enough effort into his writing, but rather used the ideas of others. My reply is that all the hard work went into making the decision of what to select and remaster from the ideas of the following people: Jenna Alderton, Peter Walsh, Arthur Schopenhauer, Leonard Feinberg, Michael Holt, Pablo Picasso, GH Hardy, Bolyai, Peter J Steincrohn, Miekal And, GX Jupitter-Larsen, Mark Bloch, Miguel Santos, Hannah Arendt, John Fraser, Robert Warshow, George Orwell, Christopher Isherwood, Antonin Artaud, Jack Saunders, André Breton, Pierre Boulez, William Stafford, Susan McClary, Jacques Attali, Robert Morris, Sol Lewitt, Christine Kozlov, JO Urmson, Gregory Battcock, Robert Barry, Mel Bochner, Matthew Josephson, Dickran Tashjian, Robert J Coady, Man Ray, Craig Adcock, Henry Tyrrel, Tristan Tzara, JE Blanche, Waldo Frank, Marcel Duchamp, Kenneth Burke, Willard Bohn, Leon Trotsky, Isaac Deutscher, Raoul Vaneigem, Jack Smith. The Sense of NEOISM?! teaches one to be ashamed of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! gives me the clarity of obscurity to see people and things filled with hate and the urge to consume merge in the same forbidding red. What I see through The Eyes of NEOISM?! ends up destroying what society obliges me to see. Tomorrow, with identical persuasive conviction, you will trumpet the need for NEOISM?! and ritual coupling with your worst enemy, in just the same way you have always cracked up the blessings of subversion in every one of its perverted forms. The pleasure of putting your arms round your enemy and tangling amorously twists into The Act of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! putrefies whatever it touches. The Phoniness of NEOISM?! is to be valued as rich in interest and revealing. One must enjoy The Phoniness of NEOISM?! . Our great interest in NEOISM?! is partly the challenge it presents us to step into the living realm of mythology. NEOISM?! cannot continue to exist unless it’s reissued over and over. NEOISM?! is a lifetime of accumulated bad experience. NEOISM?! is predicated on a congruency between work and vacation. NEOISM?! is often in vital controversy over the crucial question “What is NEOISM?! ”. NEOISM?! is cloaked in mere polemics and its interpretation and evaluation changes according to systems amounting to nothing more serious than fashion-theory. What NEOISM?! is working for is to make the stupid people idiots. The convulsions of bygone days were so much more violent than our own because, however fucked-up, the will to convulse was then much more red-blooded. NEOISM?! summons up the figure of a semi-divine being, struck by holy inspiration, and delivering forth ineffable Delphic utterances. I do not need to go on looking for NEOISM?! . I have got what it takes to find NEOISM?! in doing what pleases me the most. This is the direction I want to go in and out. Nothing satisfies me, and when NEOISM?! presents itself as law, I feel only like everthrowing it. Short Course Short Course 34 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 35 I ’m standing in a freezing river up to my neck. This is not an attempt to suicide but to meditate about NEOISM?! . I am now completely absorbed in The Decomposition of NEOISM?! . The work progresses very fast and does turn out insane. I stick to my intentions, and hammer pianoforte passages out of my brain: the result is insomnia and throbbing sensations in my head. How is The Idea of NEOISM?! to be carried to victory? How is The Idea of NEOISM?! to be combatted effectively? How is one to get to the ashes? NEOISM?! is often called in our poetic language ‘Sumera Mikuni’, which conveys somewhat the meaning of divine clime, all-integrating and all-em - bracing. The Aim of NEOISM?! is to restore absolute cosmic urban eternity and reconstruct the fundamental vertical order (6 o’clock) once prevalent among alien nations in remote antiquity. This is the objective of the divine mission that NEOISM?! has been called on (by the 14 Secret Masters of the Universe) to fulfill from time immemorial. Eminent scholars preoccupied with thoroughgoing researches regarding The Prehistoric Chronicles of NEOISM?! are unanimous in concluding that The Cradle of NEOISM?! was neither the Pamir Plateau nor the banks of the Tigris and the Euphrates, but the middle mountainous region of Hungary. According to this professional thesis, the Hungarians have founded the Babylonian civilization from which all other civilizations, including those of Egypt, Greece and Rome, blossomed. This explains the correspondence between the prehistoric accounts of the Old Testament and NEOISM?! . Prehistoric NEOISM?! , with Hungary functioning as its absolute unifying cen - ter, collapsed as a consequence of repeated earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, floods, tidal waves and glaciers, and due to these tremendous cataclysms all mankind became estranged geographically and spiritually from NEOISM?! . This new theory concerning The Origins of NEOISM?! is attracting the keen attention of those who confidently look to NEOISM?! ’s divine mission for the salvation of disabled soldiers and disobedient bureaucrats. The road leading to NEOISM?! is vertical. NEOISM?! is only a name and that name is what it’s all about. If the straight world understood all this NEOISM?! shit, it would render us impotent, because understanding is the first step to control and control is the secret to extinction. The ability to withstand frustration is what keeps NEOISM?! alive. NEOISM?! is the biggest put-on of all time. The reluctance to define NEOISM?! gives us glorious freedom to fuck with the system. So what the hell are we doing, you ask? We are putting people through chan - ges. We invite you to bring your daily environment into a different reality, a series of actions uncontrolled by time. Where The Theater of NEOISM?! creates the new revolution. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE NEOISM?! NEVER NEOISM?! NEVER or the Red Girl in Gold Armor First Raid and Revolutionary Phrasemongering or The Mass Psychology of NEOISM?! “de l’audace, de l’audace, encore de l’audace” Monty Cantsin? 36 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 37 We climb with glorious zest, but when we got to the top we suddenly lay down on the ground in a rather uncomfortable position, and fell asleep almost right in the snow. Clouds gather, then break, and a wonderful view of the NEOISM?! opens before us, but we sleep like the dead, without stirring. A real, profound appraisal of NEOISM?! is impossible unless the essence of it was made perfectly obscure. The first thing, which is particularly important at the moment, is agreement on theoretical questions, the laying down of a confusing theoretical line (The Great Confusion). The abstract should be in the foreground and the concrete obscured!! It had begun to grow dark in the woods—it is late autumn—and the moon rises. My feet are sinking into NEOISM?! . The Role of NEOISM?! in the struggle for total freedom could not be ignored. It is necessary to wage a revolutionary struggle for NEOISM?! and to expose in the most ruthless manner the opportunists, who, instead of suiting the action to the word, are in reality serving the past and betraying the cause of the present. NEOISM?! , like literacy, is the mark of the devil. Why don’t you look in the stove, maybe somebody’s hiding in there! NEOISM?! must rely upon a revolutionary surgery of the people. What you find on the pages is ridiculous, petty, insignificant, sometimes meaningless. NEOISM?! is to be found between the lines. NEOISM?! is rebelling against money. The Supporter of NEOISM?! is life (blood), the supporter of money is death (gold). It’s Saturday morning. My eyes are burning like fire. I hear the noise of the crowd. I crawl in the filth and I have the feeling I fly. Every age has its great idea. And every idea is correct in its time. NEOISM?! is timeless. NEOISM?! is not simply a theoretical hypothesis. There is NEOISM?! before language. The Origin of NEOISM?! should not be sought in linguistic communication. There is no convincing theory of NEOISM?! as language. The attempts that have been made in that direction are no more than camouflages for the lamest kind of naturalism or the most mundane kind of pedantry. The redeeming meaning of NEOISM?! is expressed in a global fashion, in its super-faciality. NEOISM?! is the terror of identity, a desire to imitate the fear of ego. In its best capacity NEOISM?! interrupts the transmission of individual codes, disconnects information lines, kills normality. NEOISM?! is counter-murder. Like the drums of resurrection, The Sound of NEOISM?! fills the ears with free fear. Riots, environmental or psychological, are holy, so don’t screw around with explanations. Accept contradictions, that’s what NEOISM?! is all about. Jail for even one night can be a learning experience equal to a year of NEOISM?! . How could I understand NEOISM?! when I do not even understand myself? We are a pain in the ass to this World because we cannot be explained. NEOISM?! is disruption. NEOISM?! is hot. Never be afraid to talk about NEOISM?! . Never believe more in NEOISM?! than in yourself and your friends. NEOISM?! has often been accused of being media oriented. NEOISM?! is communication. The impression that we are media freaks is created by our ability to make news. NEOISM?! is the ineffable fright. NEOISM?! has to be looked at as an adventure. Above all aesthetics, formal or theoretical research, for NEOISM?! the most important thing is the adventure. And that’s what links all those different ideas of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is an endless adventure. Once you got into it you can’t escape anymore. Those who wear their penis on the right, change it to the left. Join the network, join the band, NEOISM?! will never end. Tell to your friends and enemies: NEOISM?! is genesis. Contrarily to the traditions of the history of isms in which the ‘new’ movement supersedes the ‘old’ one, simulating the illusion of a less and more linear progression, NEOISM?! proclaims that NEOISM?! is the oldest idea that embodies and precedes every other ism. NEOISM?! regards historical progression as a joke, as an endless game for pleasure and glory. I think of myself as a prisoner of freedom. I want my NEOISM?! , and I’ll do what I have to do to obtain it. Yesterday I went to the American consulate for a visa. Dealing with bureaucracy is always a good learning exercise. At the door I got three forms to fill out. Everybody else got only one. “You have to fill out three forms because you are Hungarian”, the guard said. When I finished with the papers I went to see an officer. He didn’t say anything, just crossed out “Hungarian” on each form and carefully marked above it “Stateless”. The development of The Caricature of NEOISM?! is making fast progression in the epoch of extremely acute crisis. NEOISM?! is a maze of misapprehension. NEOISM?! NEVER NEOISM?! NEVER 38 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 39 NEOISM?! is an experiment to invent tactics and strategies that are operable in a world of all possible solutions. After the storm the sun came back. We went down to the ocean and sat in the wet sand. I felt no guilt at all. A tragic dimension of lasting dissonance encircled my heart. For the very reason that NEOISM?! is an elementary movement, it cannot be gotten at with arguments. Arguments would be effective only if NEOISM?! had gained its power by argumentation. The Broadness of NEOISM?! from which we must never depart, in combination with convulsive, hazardous emphasis, allows our final success to endure. And then, to our amazement, we shall see what tremendous results such perseverance leads to—to results that are beyond our understanding. That’s because, as we understood, NEOISM?! has an ambiguous role as integrator and subverter. NEOISM?! exposes all the contradictions that characterize the mass psychology of the shitty bourgeois. NEOISM?! will never overlook the question of sex idealogy. It is the authoritarian freedom-fearing structure of the present system that enables NEOISM?! to take action for pubic interest. The Ecstasy of NEOISM?! stems from sources of conscious multisexual activities. The Power of NEOISM?! , we can’t repeat it enough, is in the indissoluble unity of blood and gold. This indissoluble unity of blood and gold is the indispensable presupposition for the World’s health. Errors are needed and should be erected. NEOISM?! is the sexographic demon of decay. The Importance of NEOISM?! in the sex-economic work of educating the asses of the people is undeniable. NEOISM?! assumes social irresponsibility in making rules and giving orders. The ultimate aim of a truly orgasmic and genital development must always be The Creation of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! exercises a continuous orgasm, penetrates every facet of everyday life. The Revolutionary Stickers of NEOISM?! propagate an immortal greeting effect towards libido. The Final Destruction of NEOISM?! would mean the end of every form of higher sexual intercourse. Scientific obtuseness is a driving force to keep The Spiritual Madness of NEOISM?! activated. NEOISM?! often engages in incessant, meaningless activity as an expression of futility. There is only one alternative to escape the intolerable demands of the prosecutors: to follow NEOISM?! to its extreme of death. NEOISM?! is an extremely dogma-centric general strike that horrifies oppressive systems. The aim of The Martyrs of NEOISM?! is to constantly remind the World that there are other ideals beyond obedience and wealth. NEOISM?! accepts the notion that there can be many kinds of communication between the living and the dead. NEOISM?! is allied to everything supernatural and domystic. NEOISM?! is a source of joy and pain. Beyond a certain limit it becomes an immaterial weapon of deadly seduction. The consequences of excessive NEOISM?! in the environment are: accelerated respiration and heartbeat, super hypertension, slowed digestion, intensive neurosis, exaltation, altered diction, total confusion. I have seen little boys hang wreaths on The Branches of NEOISM?! . Before the World there was chaos, the void and The Background Noise of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the only possibility for revolution, the only possibility to change the situation in the World. NEOISM?! is the only field that could govern the whole of social convulsion. NEOISM?! is the only power to freeze humankind in eternal depression. But first you have to ask yourself whether your intervention is productive for the whole. You have to look at the phenomena, and think without prejudice, to see the monumental errors that characterize NEOISM?! . That’s the beginning of the unending process. NEOISM?! is a therapeutic drug capable of curing tarantula bites. NEOISM?! means nothing, unless all the powers you find in human nature for convulsion, subversion and alienation are included in The Context of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the only political power, revolutionary power, evolutionary power, the only power to lead humankind to misery, catastrophy and suicide. These are the radical levels. Then we can see about special details. From the beginning NEOISM?! has always declared: the most important thing is to exacerbate contradictions in such a way that the situation becomes more and more critical and disturbing, to make the latent convulsion clearly visible. The myth of sirens is quite clear: their song kills whoever hears it. NEOISM?! is the spark that sets fire to everything. NEOISM?! is, of necessity, criminal. NEOISM?! is not to give a damn. NEOISM?! is to look for the support of the people. NEOISM?! should be a pleasure, because if not no one would do it. NEOISM?! is a reason to laugh. NEOISM?! tramples upon all definitions and deliberately confuses everyone. NEOISM?! is the triple return of history, first as tragedy, then as farce and finally as an endless labyrinth of bad jokes. And also a song. And a carte postale. Any song of NEOISM?! can sound like the greatest church hymn you ever heard. The Blood of NEOISM?! always tastes sweet. NEOISM?! is a purposely insignificant name to fool the foolable. NEOISM?! has an ambiguous role as integrator and subverter. NEOISM?! NEVER NEOISM?! NEVER 40 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 41 From the blood of martyrs grows the new seed, and frightful injustice will win new converts to NEOISM?! . The Real Goal of NEOISM?! is sexual play and pleasure in all of its forms. NEOISM?! is the religion of pleasure. Pleasure is The Substance of NEOISM?! . All reactionary types condemn NEOISM?! , as well as sexual pleasure, because it attracts and repulses them at one and the same time. They cannot resolve the contradictions between The Sexual Demands of NEOISM?! and moralistic inhibitions in themselves. NEOISM?! integrates perverse and pathological pleasure, the pleasure born of the contradiction between morality and instinct. NEOISM?! confuses instead of solving. But its task, however, is to give an irrational form to this confusion, to lead it into a sexonomic channel, just as freedom of life was once born of convulsions of life. Natural science had not yet succeeded in comprehending The Powerful Emotional Content of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is not, as some suppose, a trade, because nobody will follow a trade at which you may work with the industry of a slave and die with the reputation of a mendicant. The motives of any persons to pursue NEOISM?! must be different from those of trade, deeper than pride and stronger than interest. The poor sewing girls had to drive the wheels by foot, from early morning till late at night. Only when sleeping, in their dreams, they could escape the fearful dreariness of life. We live in The Heroic Epoch of Militant NEOISM?! . By lips and bounds the movement had grown in every country. The repressive measures of the mass media drive The Disciples of NEOISM?! to conspirative, secret methods. Theoretic differences and personal controversies lead to strife and acrimonious enmities. But nothing can stem the rising tide of enthusiasm, of self-sacrifice and devotion to NEOISM?!. Oral enema is one of the best means of shaking people from their lethargy: it leaves a lasting impression. NEOISM?! can consistently impose a flamingiron-clad program or method on the present. NEOISM?! leaves posterity free to develop its own particular systems. NEOISM?! guards against the tendency to fetter the future. One cannot be too extreme in dealing with social ills. NEOISM?! refuses to prescribe the usual ridiculous palliatives that allow the patient to recover. The Faith of NEOISM?! is in the potentialities of dead individuals. NEOISM?! promotes healthy individualism and explores irrational motivations. NEOISM?! would come into existance only after the transformation of the whole world and it would take totally new unimaginable forms. NEOISM?! is not an idealogy that opposes other isms, but a complementary system of conflicting ideas. NEOISM?! is the trade of insanity. The Supreme Task of NEOISM?! in our epoch is to take part actively and consciously in the preparation of breakfast. NEOISM?! is conceptual rape; there is no doubt about that. It leaves a trauma and makes you wonder about the nature of the perpetual upsurge of novelty. Green explosions of disintegrating bodies, ruins of broken genitals. I shit in a long, elegant champagne glass and then turn it over in the middle of the dining table. The party is over! It’s a boring Saturday night again. NEOISM?! is a savagely funny, terrorizing masterpiece of imitated hallucination. NEOISM?! is the most important idea of our time. The confusion theory is The Theoretical Axis of NEOISM?! . The more confused you get by reading about NEOISM?! , the closer you get to The Principal Idea of NEOISM?! . The Confusing Structure of NEOISM?! is characterized by transphysical meditation, neuro-orthodox faith, obsession with absurd medical ideals, and belief in the divine predestination of the fish. These basic features are linked by a deeper layer, which is characterized by a strong dogmatic lie. NEOISM?! , on the first impression, doesn’t seem to mean anything, indeed, seems intentionally to disguise its meaning. The Confusing Phraseology of NEOISM?! is the decisive factor in the winning over of conspirators. NEOISM?! prevents the active participants from thinking and feeling in a rational way. We must see to it that NEOISM?! is countered with inappropriate means. To this end, a knowledge of its mechanism is not necessary. NEOISM?! will enchain humanity completely. NEOISM?! is the opium of the people. Vegetotherapy was able to prove that NEOISM?! actually sets the same process going in the autonomic living apparatus as a narcotic does. These processes are excitations in the sexual apparatus that cause narcotic-like conditions and that crave orgiastic gratification. NEOISM?! concentrates all of its forces on the elimination of its essential elements: misery and suffering. NEOISM?! imbues life with revolutionary irresponsibility, supernatural superficiality and eternal immortality. NEOISM?! NEVER NEOISM?! NEVER 42 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 43 1/ The ‘story’ itself has no importance. 2/ There is an accumulation of everything we already know. 3/ Logic is not necessary. 4/ The focus is always on the same explicit facts. 5/ Use of repetitive composition and bombastic style rules. 6/ Images slide into one another without strict order, only to fascinate and to seduce. An awareness of physicality dominates NEOISM?! . The anticipation—going to a war zone for a holyday or staying on an island when the hurricane is coming—this is active NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is merely to summarize what is already known. Helplessness in the face of natural forces and elemental social catastrophies is conducive to The Development of NEOISM?! in cultural crises. The Biosomic (biological-social-machine) Explanation of NEOISM?! refers to the techno-socio-psycho-economic blood from which NEOISM?! springs. It has something to say about The Hyper-Dynamics of NEOISM?! , but it does not give us any clue to the psychic process that takes place in the people who come under The Influence of NEOISM?! . The Formation of NEOISM?! is dependent upon the will of the individual. NEOISM?! originates from the interrelations between different individuals and the relation of environment and society. The psychology of the superficial-conscious added a psychological interpretation to The Biosomic Interpretation of NEOISM?! . The Dependency of NEOISM?! upon the convulsions of techno-socio-psycho-economic factors is understood. But what is the psychological process in the people who came under The Influence of NEOISM?! ? Psychoanalysis failed, and was unable to show how The Idea of NEOISM?! becomes identical with everything around us, from household objects like a steamiron or a bottle of Unicum, to signs like the red cross or 6 o’clock, via white rats, goldfish and of course the human body. NEOISM?! cannot be comprehended and therefore cannot be mastered, without first understanding the contradiction by which it is ruled. NEOISM?! is the antithesis of religious cults. But it is not only anti-religious, but to a large extent religious as well. NEOISM?! can create illusionary happiness and is also capable of disguising the real nature of excitation. The Mystical Darkness of NEOISM?! intensifies the effect of a supernatural sensibility. NEOISM?! is also capable of developing an incredible power of conviction, an active resistance toward death. NEOISM?! is the activated idealogy of suffering. Clinical experience shows that the desire to be beaten or to castigate oneself corresponds to the instinctual desire for NEOISM?! . The strange phenomenon of the opposition to NEOISM?! is that it brings to light the relation between so-called intelligence and ignorance. NEOISM?! has in its favor that it makes no pretense of invention. NEOISM?! is impractical, though a beautiful ideal. NEOISM?! stands for confusion and anarchy, thus it is repudiated as dangerous and vile. The emotions of the ignorant persons are continuously kept at a pitch by the most blood-curdling stories about NEOISM?!. NEOISM?! is the red girl in gold armor bent on swallowing everything. NEOISM?! is a parasitic growth that feed on the life’s essence of society. But even the ordinary, normal people know that the most violent element in society is ignorance. NEOISM?! maintains that God, the state, and society exist, however their promises are null and void, since they can be fulfilled only through subordination. NEOISM?! is the great liberator of phantoms that are held by imagination captive. NEOISM?! is both, the greatest criminal and the greatest crime. I took the elevator down, walked through the empty lobby into the street. It was a cold winter day. I knew I didn’t have much chance. As I crossed the street to the bank I slipped and the revolver that I was pressing with one hand flew from my pocket right into the aperture of a sewer. The act of deception is itself total, conditioned both in its mode and in its content by convulsion, subversion and defection. While it may be willfully subjective it can also occur in a vacuum: it is this that makes NEOISM?! so new and so completely of our time. Despite the patronizing attempts of some critics to consign NEOISM?! to the peripheries of the contemporary athletic world, it has become increasingly clear during the course of the last two years that NEOISM?! , far from being an innovating impulse, is an aberration and throwback in today’s scientific context. Its precise quality of confusion lies more in its connection with conspiracy, with obscure directions in that most contemporary of all media, the revolt, or even with the advanced technology, than in its relation to rational thinking. NEOISM?! represents obstinacy in description, lunacy in position. There is no emotion or feeling in it. The historical definition of shoes in NEOISM?! is indeed so explicit that one could understand the dramatics of walking. Explicitness is an essential quality of NEOISM?! . At this very moment a cloud is bursting in an otherwise clear sky and a dark rain is pouring down from it. NEOISM?! is obscene and pornographic. Did I say it before? The way ideas are connected to each other in NEOISM?! is similar to the method of porn movies: NEOISM?! NEVER NEOISM?! NEVER 44 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 45 NEOISM?! involves a certain magnitude or breadth of apocalyptic vision which militates against an interest in detailed characterization. If NEOISM?! can be talked about in terms of its involvement with the dialectic to be derived from its opposites, it is apparent that such an idea must question the fundamental epistemological assumptions of everything. NEOISM?! is the myth of apocalyptic immortality, the transcendent transformation of life. This transformation results from the creation of a new condition, based upon a process of extrapolated bananalogy. The Horizons of NEOISM?! become abruptly expanded. The extrapolation in NEOISM?! can be satiric or philosophical, and is most often both. What NEOISM?! aims at is destroying old assumptions and suggesting a new, visionary reality. NEOISM?! exceeds the bounds of plausibility. NEOISM?! is concerned to find a new way to the supernatural overworld of alien ecstasy through a thorough immersion in the banal, everyday culture that surrounds us. The truly messianic vision of The Brotherhood of NEOISM?! must be based on the idea of the game. All anymals play games. Games are nature’s most beautiful creation. NEOISM?! plays games with a number of basic conventions, and in so doing, it overthrows or transforms them. Thus the ‘new’ technologies of its creations are such audacities as confusion, the sticker technique, or the weird, polymorphous perverse, anti-technology of the Flaming Iron, which would never have appeared in any ‘normal’ philosophical game before NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! pleases and excites our administration because on every page of this manifesto we experience its daring, the grandiose overreaching involved in every sentence. One of the major reasons NEOISM?! is a major apocalyptic philosophy because it continually surprises, continually delights in what Monty Cantsin? would say was its ability to make one perception “convert into convulsive convexity”. I merely watch the waves. The way they come and go in everlasting alteration. This is superficially restful. The wind is blowing the golden sand into my face, my mouth. I spit it out. It’s bloody. NEOISM?! is totally unnecessary. As we dissolve NEOISM?! , we live as we really want to live. NEOISM?! has no power at all. See this for yourself by refusing NEOISM?! . Across the night of history’s blackest pages One name is scrolled as by a shaft of sun: Monty Cantsin?, the glory of the ages, who fought for NEOISM?! , and lost—and by losing: won. Source members of the Committee of Action/Reaction: Albert Bigelow Paine, Georges Danton, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Abbie Hoffman, Steve Hall, Nadezhda K Krupskaya, Lenin, Jacques Attali, Joseph Beuys, Hans-Joachim Klein, Stephen Pfohl, Todd Moore, Lis Was, Miekal And, Wilhelm Stapel, Wilhelm Reich, Adolf Hitler, Helena Lewis, Julius Caesar, Leon Trotsky, Henri Bergson, Robert Anton Wilson, Joseph Goebbels, Professor Chikao Fujisawa, Otto D Tolischus, George Jacob Holyoake, Hippolyte Havel, Emma Goldman, Linda Nochlin, Joseph Raffael, François de La Rochefoucauld, Vernon Howard, Michael Gnarowski, Leonard Cohen, Charles Darwin. If a person becomes more and more excited under The Influence of NEOISM?! , the state of vegetative irritation increases with the physical excitation and reaches a point of gratification, bringing about an actual physical release. Originally and naturally, NEOISM?! was the good, the beautiful, the happy, that which united people and nature. NEOISM?! was forced by the media to become the bad, the infernal, the diabolical. NEOISM?! is destructive and torturous if it is not allowed to achieve release through mass communication. In no social class do hysterical confusion and perverse phraseology flourish to such an extent as they do in The Conspiratorial Circles of NEOISM?! . They are often treated as subversive criminals. The Presentation of NEOISM?! is always incomplete, superficial, contradictory and confusing. Religious ecstasy is a substitute for orgiastic vegetative NEOISM?! . Through the demystification of the excitation, NEOISM?! frees sexuality from the captivity of religion. NEOISM?! is the active idealogy of a single individual (Monty Cantsin?). NEOISM?! is the expression of the rationally irrational and confused character of the average supernatural alien, whose primary biosomic needs and impulses have been suppressed for thousands of years. When Monty Cantsin? reached her hundred-and-fortieth year, his perplexities about NEOISM?! reached their peak: “What is NEOISM?! all about? Is it really worthwhile? Who is this person called Monty Cantsin?? Is there another way to live?” NEOISM?! is a series of accumulated attitudes. They are part of everything. NEOISM?! has been integrated in our life. The entire World of NEOISM?! is a mass of masks. NEOISM?! is nothing else but seeing the false as true, and is therefore an advanced mentholated condition. There is something quite fascinating, I assure you, in being disillusioned toward NEOISM?! . Tired of trying to believe in NEOISM?! ? Good for you. You can now let NEOISM?! believe in you. NEOISM?! is simultaneously ironic, tragic and comic. Beyond The Sexual Shock Tactics of NEOISM?! there is a strong conflict between moral duty and apocalyptic rashness. To reach an adequate definition of NEOISM?! (a quest for the impossible), we must attempt to combine various very different statements from widely diverse people. NEOISM?! provides a form of prophetic judgment that collides with the possibility of meaningful chaos. The Principle of NEOISM?! is the basic alchemical principle: blood turned into gold. NEOISM?! NEVER NEOISM?! NEVER 46 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 47 I ’m sitting in a room of mirrors and watching myself masturbating. Since how many years I’m lacked into this cage? I’m masturbating with absolute compassion. It can be winter or summer, fall or spring. I don’t care. I don’t miss anyone and I’m not analyzing my hypothetical existance. For the World I’m invisible. N?! signals an absolute alienation from the value systems of the ruling classes. N?! is disconnected from the entire process and business machinery of civil society. For all its specific faults and confusions and overreach, N?! transcends its setting to cast up giant questions—which are more easily framed without describing the thrill of the impossible triumph of absurd logistics that is to be witnessed. N?! is usually drawn to the story of the losing side. N?! is an opposition of terms. N?! is a romantic movement. It’s messy and isn’t very polite. N?! is a polymorphous refusal; the antidote to the monolith. N?! is generally regarded as a brilliant satire that is both an interactive utopian post-philosophy and a historic landmark in contemporary acrobatic industry. N?! puts into practice the belief that idealogical work should be heretical, refusing to accept reality at its face value and always posing those two final, most terrifying, most fearless questions: What is N?! ? Who is Monty Cantsin? ? N?! also attempts to carry out the practical conviction that form should keep up with ideas, that only a heretical form could adequately dramatize heretical ideas. N?! is just a sign to confuse the enemy. New names and identities are always helpful in creating confusion. The Radical Perception of N?! moves between the extreme limits of subjective objectivity and objective subjectivity. There is a dramatic running duel between the rational and irrational forces within N?! , a shifting between its conscious and unconscious powers of perception and a constant association of ideas that forms elaborate networks. Accompanying this psychological method of N?! is a laconic language that frequently lapses into the provocatively elliptical and imparts a sensation of breathlessness. Compressed and startlingly strange similes and metaphores are used in a variety of sophisticated roles: they not only serve the conventional purpose of intensifying the description of N?! or Monty Cantsin?, but they also sharply characterize the destruction of our environment. N?! is frequently linked to an individual (Monty Cantsin?) and through the repetition of the same ideas it attains an impressionistic force. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE N?! ON TRIAL N?! ON TRIAL The Bloody Linguistic Landscape in the Golden Age of Superficial Welcome to the N?! decade, welcome to The Age of NEOISM?! By the time you finish reading this chapter, hundreds of thousands of people will be killed by famine, aids, wars and the related illnesses of social crises all around the world. 48 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 49 N?! exemplifies the problems of achieving a unique identity in a mass culture world. In an age of clichéd cynicism N?! possesses ideals to fulfill through the elaboration of obsession. Baby, it’s all illusion no matter how groovy it gets. It’s only a language game. We go to bed and talk to each other in a physical way, sucking our hieroglyphs. N?! reflects one central investigation: of the meaning of confusion in a world obsessed with obedience to the history of the past. Confusion, for N?! , is synonymous with the present reality. N?! does not believe that the reality of the present presents the only reality. N?! is a perfect alibi that can be used for any purpose—even for transforming murderers into judges. N?! is as solitary as a cry of protest and it is as universal as science. N?! is on trial every day. The Purpose of N?! is to face the reality of the present, which is logical confusion, and to refuse meticulously the arguments by which it is justified. N?! is an attempt to understand the confusion in which we live. Our purpose is to find out whether N?! , the moment it becomes involved in action, can avoid committing murder. Every action today leads to murder, direct or indirect, and we cannot act until we know whether or why we have the right to kill. The important thing is not to go to the root of things, but the World being what it is, to examine the superficial and learn how to live in it. In the Golden Age of Superficial, we must examine our position in relation to the bloody landscape of murder. We are insane and there is no alternative to find some justification or to avert our faces. N?! is deceitful. The whole world is deceitful. It is incumbent upon us, at all events, to refuse definitions that are implicit in the blood and strife of living. N?! is concerned only with the denial of other philosophies who are responsible for deceit. For the moment, this train of N?! yields only one concept: that of the absurd. And the concept of absurd leads only to a contradiction as far as the problem of confusion is concerned. If we believe in N?! , if N?! has multiple meaning and we can affirm all values whatsoever, then everything is possible and nothing has a particular importance. N?! is a reaction to the fear that everything has happened and nothing exciting or new or interesting is ever going to happen again. N?! does not agree with you. Going off to Tahiti is impossible. N?! employs a triggering mechanism that floods the reader’s mind with impressions that they were associated with these ideas in their whole life. The Total Effect of N?! is to provide the World with a strong inner unity. With The Spreading of N?! a cloud that has oppressed the mind of the World’s population for thousands of years begins lift. If we decided to join N?! , it must be because we have decided that the negative force of N?! has some positive value. If we decided to rebel against N?! , it must be because we have realized that N?! has no value at all. I’m still in love with you. The return of innocence has been the basic idea of our superficial relationship. Do you want to play violin? Your memory thins like clouds until only a transparent layer remains. N?! offers us a philosophy of anti-politics. It’s a kind of post-philosophy that appears all around the World, devoted, in a passionate intellectual sense, to the examination of such concepts as confusion and terror. Not that N?! is a theoretical work—on the contrary, it is an examination of the actual situation of the World today, informed by precise historical confusion of the past centuries. N?! claims that revolt is one of the essential dimensions of life. It is useless to deny its historical reality, rather we must seek in it a principle of existance. But The Nature of N?! changes radically every six minutes. It is not only a revolt of the slave against the master, not only the revolt of the poor against the rich. N?! is also a revolt against the condition of life, against creation itself. N?! has the same chemical composition as dynamite. The difference lies only in the fact that one stick of dynamite explodes only once, but N?! explodes thousands of times. N?! is a fastforward-looking post-philosophy that embodies a confusing understanding of how the instant mass media have changed everything that signifies meaning in our everyday activity. N?! is extrapolating upon the effects of widespread home computers and video recorders on the identity and personal history of individual communication. N?! is concerned with how the World is going to change. N?! destroys the barriers between science and religion, literature and politics, sociopathic space-age catastrophies and television advertising. N?! identifies and expands the new mythologies of the imminent present. N?! ON TRIAL N?! ON TRIAL 50 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 51 The History of N?! is also the history of one utopia after another, being enunciated with enthusiasm and vigor, calling upon all the facts of fake science to corroborate the fantasy. N?! is to believe that you can exceed all your previous ambitions and hopes in all areas of life. However, in spite of the positively contradictory above remarks, everybody seems to share the same opinion, in my opinion, that N?! is not only a boring monologue of an iconoclast idolater, but, above all, it’s just meaningless super-bragging without prophetic aims and idealogical objectives. You are the badbreath, you are the black river, you are the void of stupidity, you are the blood of corruption, you are the greedy fur coat, you are the smoky sky. And you’ll never die, shit, never die. So then how it is possible that this subinferior ‘philosophy’ (I don’t think it’s a philosophy) attracts so many stupid idiots all around the world and gets so many favorable reactions from the otherwise very despotic and repressive media. I tell you how: it’s all total fake. N?! is fake science. N?! has no leaders and no followers at all. N?! is not a movement. N?! has been co-created by the CIA and KGB to keep people all around the world in a state of convulsive and confused silliness. It gets superficial and superficial and more and more chaotic. I’m lying in bed doing nothing. I feel the heavy dust pressing my eyes. I’m continuously leaving and re-entering the drama. N?! is the brainchild of a self-centered, ill-fated person, an insolvent ill-egal alien, a media swindler, a simple himpostor, a prattler. He made up the whole thing, including promotional propaganda, critical reviews, love affairs, gossips etc. He claims that he has been chosen by the 14 Secret Masters of the Universe for an all-conquering and world-redeeming mission: N?! . But what is this 14 Secret Masters gang? Who the fuck they are? Are they real? Of course they are only the imaginary masters of a not-very-imaginative person who has stolen the idea from Dr Rock Herrman, the well-known psychiatrist and mythology maker of Postland Academy, Orgone. The person we are talking about has spent years spying on Dr Rock Herrman, the world-famous fashion designer from Niagara Falls, Ontario, and, through correspondence and personal meetings he has been able to get hold of the necessary information. Just by pressing a button you can do extraordinary things. N?! is a series of visionary glimpses of the obvious that great mystics are unable to convey. N?! is the extrapolator of everything. The Control Mechanism of N?! copes with an inevitable tide of greater explicitness that comes from an unknown source. N?! ’s worth its weight in blood. Can you give me a positive thought? Your voice is almost enough to make me feel better. Now I’m freaked because I know you know everything. N?! adopts the absurdist attitude: confusion is more important than scruples that we consider a leech. N?! hereby admits that communication is the only necessary good since it is precisely communication that makes this encounter possible and since, without communication, The Game of N?! would have no basis. The threat of The Confusing Program of N?! is nothing more than a highly skilled disinformation campaign. Definitions in N?! are simply for ornamental purposes. These magnificent weapons of language, these beautiful unsolved phrases, are incredibly useless, of course. The term surgical strike seems to suggest something very clean and rapierlike. That’s hyperbole. It belies an understanding of what N?! is really about. N?! is part of a widespread disinformation campaign intended to trivialize N?! in the public’s mind. It is a two-pronged campaign. The first goal is to plant erroneous information; the second is to convince people that they can believe it because they are seeing it with their own eyes. Only the individual will to live can make N?! what it is to me, an urge to have fun that nothing and no-one outside myself has imposed on me. N?! theorizes its usage as a simulacrum of anti-ritual by affirming that it has a pacifying effect: the less of one it has, the more it must say it has one. N?! is in a way the representation of an absolute relation between well-being and order in nature. In China as in Hungary, N?! implies a system of measurement, in other words, a system for the scientific, quantified representation of nature. The scale is The Incarnation of N?! between heaven and Akademgorod, the isomorphism of all representations: the bridge between the border of order and The Gate of N?! . N?! sweeps its semantic zone with precision: number, well-being, language, conspiracy, blood, gold, multiversity. Difference is The Principle of N?! . The Representation of N?! is a total counter-spectacle. N?! ON TRIAL N?! ON TRIAL 52 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 53 Go blindly to disaster. You have nothing to lose. Return to the roots of surface. Nothing is really happening at all. Prophecy functions on a very long-term basis and has as one of its properties a characteristic that is the very source of The Strength of N?! : the impossibility of proof. The Philosophy of N?! springs from fake representation, which is surprising to a logical mind. The Logical Idea of N?! has nothing in common with the fake idea of historical confusion. The difference between the two is the difference between a circle and a straight line. N?! sums up everything bad that has been thought for the past centuries. The earth for N?! is nothing but an immense altar on which all the living must be sacrificed, without end, without limit, without respite, until the end of time, until the death of death. The Non-Laws of N?! reflect immaterial reality. Any form of beauty under the sun is completely alien. Monty Cantsin?, of course, never spoke himself about N?! . He left to his heirs the task of extolling this confusing monstrosity. The Process of N?! is only the reflection of the process of irrational reality transported and transposed into the minds of people. This particularly clumsy definition has, in spite of all, some kind of meaning. N?! is revolutionary because it completes the movement of negation begun by the philosophy of illumination. N?! is humanism mediated by the negation of suppression. N?! will rise resoundingly tomorrow to its full height and, to your consternation, will announce with the sound of all its megaphonies: I was, I am, I shall be. The idea of chance is introduced into N?! by the unexpected mutations of language. When you take pleasure in N?! , your relationship to it is libidinous. Since N?! and sexuality (in both the strict and broad senses of the word) are intimately interwoven, people’s relationship to N?! is also a question of the sex-economy of the masses. The Hygiene of N?! is dependent upon the way masses of people use and gratify their biologic energy. N?! and sexuality derive from the same biologic energy. When you have crossed the ocean of illusion, when you have crossed through all form, you enter the state of formlessness. The final place that the game leads to is: nothing. N?! creates an ongoing dialogue and produces a confrontation with socially accepted norms, their rules, taboos and values. N?! reflects the malaise of the times: each era has banned its own type of N?! material. Dr Rock Hermann, the Nobel Prize winner genius of modern German literature from Texas, invents so many new ideas every day that he has never claimed for damages nor filed a suit against the already mentioned idea-thief. “Ownership is impossible!” declares Dr Rock Herrman, the Latvian born original pop-singer, inventor of the language and explorer of the tongue. But he is not the only scientist on the bloody mailing list of our gold-hungry person. Zavit Duck Jr, alpinist and helicopter pilot from Jamaica, has been another source of ideas for the empty-brained person we are talking about in this chapter. Mr Duck Jr is well known for his missionary work and he is especially respected in Mexico, where people love paleontology and cosmogonic legends. He visited the entire population of the planet in person and shook hands with the Lord several times (and also in person). The person we criticize met Mr Duck Jr at the famed Young Alpinists’ Club in Basel, Switzerland. It was Mr Zavit Duck Jr, publisher of the Inaccessible Books series, who introduced him (the empty brained) to the idea of the open-alpinist union leader Monty Cantsin? and convinced the hesitating person to leave Basel for Akademgorod, the Promised Land of Helicopter Pilots. N?! belongs to everyone and to everywhere. N?! cannot be the property of one person. N?! is free for all. What N?! may demonstrate is how extraordinarily and embarrassingly easy to manipulate the public and, even more so, the media and the experts are. Soon afterwards the person we are talking about changed his name to Monty Cantsin?, but instead of taking the difficult road directly to Akademgorod, he went to Montreal, Quebec, a city well known for its open-pop-sex clubs. It was here that our person, introducing himself as Monty Cantsin? and hanging out at various sex clubs (among them let us mention just a few: Flaming Machine, Burning Desire, Golden Flames) became familiar with go-go dancing, and gave up the revolutionary role of the open-alpinist union leader for the counter-revolutionary open-pop sex-slave character. One night at Burning Desire, this pseudo Monty Cantsin? personality met with Neon de Lizard, male dancer and cabaret singer. In his spare time, Neon took classes on ontological and perceptive mass psychology and open-heart surgery at the Eugene Zamiatin Community Center. The pseudo one (from now lets call him this way) spent long nights watching Neon de Lizard on stage and filling his empty brain with Lizard’s dancing style, which later he introduced to the world as his own movement: N?! . It is very clear for you now, dear reader, how that pseudo one has never had an original idea of his own and N?! is nothing but a collection of stolen information. Of course the list is long and we don’t intend to tell now the whole story of this worldwide robbery for security reasons. But the day will come when truth will be accessible for everyone and the pseudo one will be punished with oblivion. His name will be taken out of history books and forgotten forever. N?! ON TRIAL N?! ON TRIAL 54 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 55 To write about N?! as such dignifies the activity beyond mere neurotic aberration—no responsible author can afford to deal with the subject impartially without the implication that he sympathizes with it. N?! is a superficially profound personal matter, highly variable in its motivation, perhaps the only fit manner of describing it is in the form of confession. N?! is subjective confession. N?! is a symptom of an entire mindset that a person cannot control. It is rooted in a sense of alienness that goes beyond convulsion. N?! is the only way to combat media dominance. I was riding along in the city on my bike and a voice said to me: why are you persecuting me? I flipped out and went flying off my bike and fell on the ground. What do you want of me? You can program N?! any way you like: take out the thoughts that get in your way, put in the thoughts that steer you in the direction you want to go. You can fill N?! with ideas that bring you pleasure. And the more fun the ideas are, the more you’ll want to make them realities. The more you discover how easy it is to bring yourself pleasure, the more you realize that you can offer yourself far better options than what are commonly regarded as available. N?! is basically a vehicle by which ideas can gain control over the media and therefore people’s minds. N?! dictates the precise parameters of people’s consciousness of their behavior and perceptions. N?! paints the world in its own image. N?! is a demonstration of how something imaginary can become a reality of life when everyone is imagining it all at once. N?! takes ideas from different sources and improves them by putting them radically out of context. But ideas are just ideas, figments of the imagination, phantoms. Yet N?! is the single most important aspect of existance, because it plays such a large role both in defining people’s experiences of life and in shaping actual aspects of the so-called real world. In N?! nothing is fixed, everything is completely fluid and subject to absolute change. N?! can go in whatever direction the thought takes it. I don’t give a damn about N?! . I just do it because it’s better than taking vitamins. N?! is a guerilla movement that makes a joke out of the media, plays with that interaction between culture and media, generates some subversive actions that are puzzling enough so that people get confused. N?! is highly contingent upon other facts of life: the search for the meaning of things, and of life itself, inevitably leads to a personal interpretation of the circumstances surrounding one’s own experience. This implies the existance of a value system and the possibility of making choices. The Measure of N?! consists of our ability to reject the values imposed by the current idealogy accepted by society at large. The diversity of attitudes and choices presented by N?! produces a sense of pluralism that is quite disconcerting to the viewer who adheres to the dominant value system, and heightens our awareness of the connections between possible and experienced reality. The complacent spectator is disturbed and even frightened by the paradoxes contained in this multiplicity of choices, by N?! and its infinite possibilities. By N?! I understand a total absorption with the self and what the self desires. It manifests itself as the attempt to transcend the limitations of human existance, to want the truly impossible, to pretend that one is not human but god. It is the will to deform an uncertain reality. The attempt to transform that uncertain reality into mythology. It manifests itself by our implicit belief that we are forever young, beautiful, healthy, desirable and, above all, subversive. N?! reveals an aspect of life that contemporary Western culture encourages to conceal. The dead are taken to funeral home, embalmed, properly dressed, beautified and staged to make them appear living. They are not allowed their death. N?! is a witness to medical autopsy. N?! accepts death as it is. N?! captures a seedy and scummy aspect of the surface sheen of death. Pleasure and pain, loss and gain, fame and shame are all the same. Your legs are going, your hands are holding, your eyes are blinking, your fingers are thinking, your mouth is open, your nose is broken, your shoes are dirty, your pockets are empty. You are cooking food, you are lifting stones, you are breaking bones, you are drilling holes. N?! is nothing more than a cynical attempt to sell books. N?! is the idealogy of the surface, the anti-philosophy of a dead society in which the surface is the only immortal thing. N?! is surface action, flat and endlessly repetitive. N?! is a problem, N?! is a nuisance. N?! is so messy and downright dangerous that it all but screams to be abused. N?! deliberately creates problems in order to enjoy the pleasure of solving them. Does N?! stem from misguided sexual urges, from the fact that someone might not have gotten laid in a long time, is very bored and uses all the free hours his hands to lash out at others who probably are getting some? N?! ON TRIAL N?! ON TRIAL 56 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 57 N?! is momentary gratification. Each moment has an open secret. The development of The Theory of N?! is dictated by the necessities of vital life, by the need to solve practical problems. N?! must lead to new, better, more suitable action and the mastering of practical tasks. There are no accidents in this business at all. You are a totally determined being. If you could stand back far enough and watch the whole process you would see clearly that you are a totally determined being. The very moment you will have an orgasm is totally determined. The Theory of N?! is of value only insofar as it is confirmed in and by practice. We can be called intellectual jugglers (in fact we are) however, in spite of this fact, we differ from the guardians of the hierarchy of values in terms of our superficial determination to combat all isms and to convert our knowledge into hard practice. We answer in the negative: N?! keeps the masses of the people blindly imprisoned. N?! is not that scenic parade where one develops virtually and symbolically a myth: N?! is rather this crucible of fire and real meat where, by an anatomical trampling of bone, limbs and syllables, bodies are renewed. There is a degree of tension, of crush, of opaque density behind The Philosophy of N?! . 80 per cent of N?! is in the title. If you have a good title, the rest is easy. N?! is an exercise in patient, isometric endurance and keen, hypnotic concentration. N?! rages against the repressive insanity of social institutions with insight that proves more prescient with every passing minute. What is most striking in N?! is an extravagant lucidity. N?! lives in the infinite and makes the human spirit burn in absolute freedom. Bonfires rose on all sides in the sky. The dancing had already begun. A slow fertile nightmare elucidated little by little. Plaster is The Enemy of N?! . The Overall Messiness of N?! is frustrated by the perspicuity of the laws of expensive luxury. N?! is littering the cultural landscape of the establishment, and it is polluting digital communications and electronic technologies. The Theater of N?! takes over where the theory of the spectacle left off. The relation between bodies and desire is among The Returning Subjects of N?! , underpinning its movement from music hall convulsion to a causal narrative obscurity. By practicing N?! sooner or later you will become amazingly successful in avoiding success. The Mystique of N?! stretches limitlessly across the realms of fact, fiction and faith. N?! is the desire to jolt the audience out of its lethargy. In the purgatorial ennui of endless encroachment, N?! has been elevated to mere sleight-of-hand of the superficial magic. The Intrinsic Nature of N?! is grounded in conscious deviance and anti-authoritarianism, from which the confusion of improbable revelation is born. N?! uses the entire city as a base of subversion. N?! means nothing less than the transformation of everything. N?! belongs to those who have no present. Ever in deeper and deeper you get in the surface of shit you meet the truth of superficial reality. N?! uses the guise of the existing system and turns it upside down. This approach is now known to be a much more effective means of subversion. N?! works best when people don’t know if you are serious or not. In The History of N?! every day is Valentine’s day and every night is Halloween. N?! combines radical criticism with fun and zaniness. N?! always has an ironic sense of humor. N?! takes simple ideas and makes them complicated, or turns complicated philosophies into simple meaningless words. N?! is the one word that says everything you want. Despite the virtual incomprehensibility to most educated people today of the substantive experience behind The Vocabulary of N?! , there is a continuing piety toward the grandeur of emotions that went into that vocabulary. N?! survives for most people today as not just the primary but virtually the only credible instance of an imagination working in a total way. N?! is a dark realization of the Jacobean pun on death. N?! denies all the values of personality which our society holds to be fundamental, and its fulfillment is in that denial. The ultimate value is not the self but the willed loss of the self. There is always a next definition of N?! and it’s always available to you. The graffiti is always on the wall saying: The Next Definition of N?! is always the best. The funny thing about all The Secrets of N?! that they are not secret! The Secret of N?! is a secret to you because of where your head is at. Your receiving mechanism isn’t tuned for that particular frequency. I’m sitting in a room of mirrors watching myself masturbating. If I’m going to spend all my energy manipulating N?! through words and games what’s the payoff? The orgasm is going to end because it’s all in time and space. The sensual gratifications in the room of mirrors are only momentary. And this is probably The Principal Idea of N?! . N?! ON TRIAL N?! ON TRIAL 58 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 59 N?! originates from direct experience. But no one can directly experience everything. As a matter of fact, most of our knowledge is of things indirectly experienced. What is indirectly experienced by one is nevertheless directly experienced by others. N?! is inseparable from direct experience. If one wants to know the taste of a pear one has to transform the pear by eating it oneself. If one wants to know The Theory and Method of N?! , one has to participate in The Revolution of N?! . But even if you don’t want to participate you might become part of it, just like those who contributed their thoughts and experience to this chapter without their knowledge: Peter Rudy, Eugene Zamiatin, Herbert Read, Albert Camus, dr Ackerman, JG Ballard, V Vale, Mark Sinker, Israel Regardie, Robert Anton Wilson, Joseph de Maistre, Marx, Rosa Luxemburg, Wilhelm Reich, Jean Gagnon, Steven Liebman, Bret Easton Ellis, Barry Alfonso, Erik Hobijn, Carlo McCormick, Abbie Hoffman, Susan Sontag, Stephen Scobie, Antonin Artaud, Mao Tse-tung, Jack Smith, Timothy Binkley. I am in the box of mirrors, and the box is on a boat. And the boat is drifting in the ocean. There is nobody else on the boat. A storm is coming, a really big one, and the waves will turn over the boat and the box will sink to the bottom of the ocean. It’s actually happening right now. The Phoniness of N?! can be valued as rich in interest and revealing. The more rules broken the more enriched becomes The Activity of N?! . What do we want from N?! ? What do we want from N?! ? What do we want from N?! ? What do we want from N?! ? N?! ON TRIAL N?! ON TRIAL 60 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 61 S omebody wanted me dead. A boot toe kicked me awake. I looked up into three rifle muzzles aimed at my head, and three hard men standing over me, no mercy in their eyes. They had their orders. Find him, kill him, bury him deep. Someone wanted me dead. Wanted it bad enough to hire a whole passel of gunmen to do the job. There was only one thing he didn’t know about: NEOISM?! always has been and always will be. NEOISM?! is very definitely making a renewed commitment to contempor - ary confusion. NEOISM?! is old stuff with which you are all familiar. If you have to shit, shit. If you have to fart, fart. You will feel much better for it. I have taken sleeping pills three times, but I can’t get to sleep. I keep thinking about NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a tessellated pavement without cement, a mosaic of fragments, with nothing to hold them together. The 14 Secret Masters of the World recently assembled to help celebrate the sesquicentennial of Subversive Multiversity by trying to find a metaphore for The Age of NEOISM?! . It was an elegant but useless game. NEOISM?! is a quick fix of meaning. NEOISM?! has always been an empty word, confused and dangerously overextended, a little black flag of an aftermath. Is there one brilliant, compact image that captures the era of global com - munications and AIDS, of mass famine and corporate impairialisms, of space exploration and the world’s seas awash in plastic, of free expression and murderous repression, of blood and gold? The Age of the Luxury and the Age of the Refugee coexist with the Age of Confusion and the Age of Business. We inhabit many ages simultaneously. The Age of the Hand-Held TV Channel Changer, the Age of 1984, the Age of Electronic Religions, the Age of Oil, the Age of Drugs, the Age of Mind-Altering Instruments, the Age of Feminism, the Age of Plunder. NEOISM?! is a time of angels and moping dogs. It seems as if heaven had sent its insane angels into the world as to an asylum, and here they will break out in their native music and utter at intervals the words they have heard in heaven. Then the mad fit returns and they mope and wallow like dogs. Can NEOISM?! be described as a theory of brilliant incoherence? Yes. But it is also the theory of incoherent stupidity. At that time the whole forest was illuminated by the bright shining of the moon, and the air was blowing very silently over the blooming flowers, and the green leaves of the trees were moving in the breeze. The History of NEOISM?! vaporizes itself, its events are streaming off instantly into electrons fired into space and then recombining mysteriously in living rooms and minds all around the world (ongoing apartment festivals). TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE KILLED BY NEOISM?! KILLED BY NEOISM?! THE 1990s VERSION OF MANIFEST DESTINY You’ve got to get over this NEOISM?! ! This NEOISM?! is killing you!! 62 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 63 NEOISM?! is at one and the same time a lament for a lost age of theoretical thinking and a model for a new form of post-idealogical culture constructed from the ruins of the old. NEOISM?! endows waste with a new value. Rubbish is treasure. NEOISM?! cultivates spontaneity to escape the limits of good taste and professional skill. By its very nature as a form of protest, NEOISM?! is a permanent phenomenon. The Aim of NEOISM?! is to liberate ideas from the control of past history. Most writings about NEOISM?! are so distorted or confusing they are extremely difficult to read. But this is not a problem for the readers: they are looking for the intense reading experience and verbal trip. NEOISM?! employs materials such as blood and methods such as burning. NEOISM?! is generally addressed to people and reaches the audience through apartment festivals, live performances, concerts, printed matter, mail-art, records, tapes, video, radio, TV, computers. NEOISM?! , in short, is mass culture. But NEOISM?! is much more heterogeneous and fragmented than the term “mass” implies. There are many types of groups within NEOISM?! , appealing to audiences of many complexions and sizes. NEOISM?! has virtually evaporated shock values. On this occasion, the joyous vibrations of scrapmetal music could be heard in all the pasturing grounds and all the houses. Within and outside of the houses there were varieties of paintings, done with rice pulp and blood, and a gold liquid was sprinkled everywhere, even on the roads and streets. Ceilings and roofs were decorated with different kinds of flags, junk, festoons and green mould. The gates were made of bed frames, shopping carts, car doors, gold leaves and red flowers. The complex relationship between NEOISM?! and mass culture has been continually debated. What this chapter demonstrates is that interactions between the two are now commonplace. But while The Experiments of NEOISM?! are often rejected by the asses as confusing or incomprehensible, they are accepted when seen as part of pop culture. The technical and formal, theoretical and practical inventiveness of NEOISM?! have been enjoyed by millions throughout the world. Of course the use and absorptions of pop culture has been regarded by some critics as a watering down of The Radical Character of NEOISM?! . The characteristics of shock, social criticism, political opposition, utopianism, aesthetic revolution once crucial to certain radical movements have now been taken up by NEOISM?! . In The Fields of NEOISM?! standards of evaluation are notoriously unreliable, consequently conspirators of NEOISM?! have to learn to live with doubt and uncertainty, with the antagonism and/or indifference of society at large. They have to be willing to take risks, to alter NEOISM?! is a surreal pluralism of realities. NEOISM?! does not fashion metaphores to stabilize people’s mind. NEOISM?! is vasodilator. NEOISM?! is a mess. NEOISM?! leads into a dark tunnel of theoretical chaos. NEOISM?! regroups saboteurs, stooges, traitors, aggressors, criminals, dropped-out hippies, late punks, demagogues, adventurers, opportunists, enemies of God, felonious foreign conspirators. NEOISM?! takes its life from life, and gives it back to life as a baffling language, as dead mythology, something that has no life of its own. She was decorated with a nice dress and flower garlands and ornaments; in her eight hands she held a bow, lancet, arrows, bell, conchshell, disc, club and shield. The Source of NEOISM?! is the growing disparity between the privilaged quarter of the World and the rest. There are too many people on this planet who have too little to lose. We live in a world of blindingly accelerating change. Even US President George Mush has adopted the word NEOISM?! —but it seems to mean something vastly different for him. He apparently discovered NEOISM?! in a CIA report commenting on the 14 Secret Masters of the World, Blood Campaign, syphon-music and apartment festivals, and he put his own meaning to it on a sunny morning last August. On that historical sunny morning Mush and his national security adviser, Bernt Johnny Scrowcraft, took a turn in the President’s speedmetalboat and talked about the direction in which the world was going. Mush began to use the word NEOISM?! immediately thereafter. Since then, his vision of NEOISM?! has been spelled out only slightly and in the broadest terms. NEOISM?! will be what the US says NEOISM?! is. Dr Ackerman defines NEOISM?! as a condition where seizures tend to recur without an obvious provocation. Seizures of NEOISM?! are electrical firestorms sparked by the neurons in the brain. NEOISM?! can strike at any age. The likelihood of its onset in old age is just as great as in childhood. NEOISM?! is not a lifetime condition. Two-thirds of the people who get into it will leave it soon after the first seizures. In NEOISM?! anything goes. Everything is attempted. NEOISM?! documents the ruthless cannibalization of twentieth-century communications. NEOISM?! reworks past material in order to transform it into something new. NEOISM?! deliberately employs existing images from the mass media to create confusion. NEOISM?! can be learnt by copying approved masterworks. NEOISM?! is a simple practice of piracy. Like a pirate you plunder everything that you want from your world culture and turn it into NEOISM?! . KILLED BY NEOISM?! KILLED BY NEOISM?! 64 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 65 In the attempt to technicalize NEOISM?! , like DIGITAL NEOISM?! , ELECTRONEOISM?! and so on, stupidity and imbecility are reproduced by machines. It is no longer only the human brain that is composing NEOISM?! , but a pair of scissors, cutting up pages, or the computer on which ideas are manipulated, twisted, restructured etc. The subject is no longer produced only by thought, but by mechanical effects. Texts of NEOISM?! are purposely made incomprehensible through the manipulation of phrases, words. Theoreticians who refer to The Autonomous Abstract Development of NEOISM?! have forgotten one thing—that NEOISM?! always has been and always will be. NEOISM?! develops in continuous struggle, which is the source of all productivity. NEOISM?! can only develop in The Contradictory Relationship of NEOISM?! to society. Whoever does not understand that, is a blockhead, no matter how clever he is. Of course, The History of NEOISM?! will be written by blockheads. And blockheads will remain blockheads, no matter how clever they may appear to some of us. If the nobles of the country really have the welfare of the people at heart, they should prevent and forbid NEOISM?! wherever it makes an appearance. For the fact that the people practice NEOISM?! has many disadvantages. People are agitated, they don’t work hard enough, they know too much, they cannot be controlled, they often revolt against restrictions, they learn about total freedom, they play with fire, they don’t pay their bills etc. NEOISM?! is a tutor in the struggle. When she opened the mouth of the child with her fingers, she suddenly saw the universal manifestation within his mouth. She saw within his mouth the whole sky, including the luminaries, stars in all directions, the sun, moon, fire, air, seas, islands, mountains, rivers, forests and all other movable and immovable entities. The substitutive satisfactions, as offered by NEOISM?! , are illusions. They are responsible, in certain circumstances, for the useless waste of a large quota of energy that might have been employed for the improvement of the human race. NEOISM?! recalls, perhaps, the singing of working women in a back courtyard on Sunday afternoon. NEOISM?! is a myth out of the dawn of history. NEOISM?! is what one always misses. NEOISM?! is best explained as follows: four or five or more people all start shouting at the same time in order to create confusion and to convince the listener that they have absolutely nothing to say. NEOISM?! is best explained in the following way: you address someone, a complete stranger, in the street, walk for hours by his/her side without saying anything except “NEOISM?! is everything” or “NEOISM?! is nothing”, and after such statements go off in the opposite direction. directions, and to question all existing rules and conventions. As a result, they tend to be passionate, opinionated individuals suspicious of entrenched idealogies and critical of intellectual pretentiousness. We are fully aware of the fact that NEOISM?! is now about the manipulation of styles and cultures, the reconstruction and transformation of existing imagery and language. NEOISM?! is always rebellious, but, paradoxically, at the same time it is anti-intellectual or even anti-revolutionary. NEOISM?! is a museum without walls, a vast bank of ideas from many different cultures past and present but now detached from their original social and historical contexts. Any idea of NEOISM?! can be selected, juxtaposed and rearranged in various orders to construct different arguments and meanings. If nothing else, NEOISM?! serves as a metaphore for an enclave of freedom in an otherwise controlled and repressive society. NEOISM?! creates a space where anyone can deny the implications of past and future and live out a delusion of cultural freedom. A shower of flowers is falling from the sky. NEOISM?! can be used by anyone as a desperate, last-minute weapon of subversion. The Very Complex Theory of NEOISM?! means roughly the following: the perception of an object itself changes the perceptual object, so that it can no longer be recognized. NEOISM?! is a weapon for driving deism out of control. According to NEOISM?! complementary physical quantities cannot be measured simultaneously with any accuracy. NEOISM?! is based on medieval numerical symbols supposed to represent cosmic harmony which NEOISM?! reflects in its microcosm. Perception for NEOISM?! has always meant change. Physicists and bankers play too great a role in NEOISM?! . They don’t know that yet, but they will have to learn it. Some people disregard NEOISM?! as unrefined or vulgar, others think it is too sophisticated. The Theory of NEOISM?! in our time should be based only on confusion. There are theoreticians in Germany and England who accuse NEOISM?! of commercializing fear, panic, hysteria and loneliness. The Fundamental Characteristics of NEOISM?! are already being sold like coca-cola. KILLED BY NEOISM?! KILLED BY NEOISM?! 66 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 67 I feel something similar to what a woman probably feels when for the first time she senses within herself the pulse of a tiny, blind, human being. I feel NEOISM?! inside me. It is I, and at the same time it is not I. And for many long months it will be necessary to feed it with my life, with my blood, and then with a pain at my heart, to tear it from myself and lay it at the feet of the World. While the birds were flying in the sky, we ran after the birds’ shadows along the ground and tried to follow their exact courses. Some of us played with the frogs, and when the frogs jumped in the water we immediately dove in after them. We would also go to an empty well and make loud sounds, and when the echo came back, we would call it ill names and laugh. NEOISM?! negates periodization. NEOISM?! always has been and always will be. NEOISM?! should not be divided into periods just because periodization is very useful for historical presentations. The True Object of NEOISM?! is neither to convince nor even to persuade, but to produce a multiform counter-pattern of public utterance in which the trace of a new idea immediately reveals itself as a jarring dissonance. There is no doubt that NEOISM?! is impossible without an open situation; furthermore, not every open situation leads to NEOISM?! . What are, generally speaking, the characteristics of an open situation? Free participation is possible, no permission is necessary, nothing is permanent, no rules are established, no restrictions are defined. It is necessary that no exploiters should rule the game. NEOISM?! is impossible without international crisis. Declarations of NEOISM?! must be formulated in overly complex and confusing ways. The more confusing the declaration, the better. In heated, impassioned speeches we must make our opinion public to illustrate the idea that it is impossible to remain loyal to NEOISM?! without creating confusion. A gigantic task is being imposed upon NEOISM?! . The situation is such that, verily, procrastination is like unto death. The Growth of NEOISM?! is beyond dispute. A more impressive sign of The Growth of NEOISM?! than a mutiny among the museum guards cannot be imagined. The crisis continues to develop and deepen. Unemployment is increasing without interruption, hunger and misery are seizing ever-fresh strata of the World. In these crises a great part not only of the existing products, but also of the previously created productive forces, are periodically destroyed. In these crises there breaks out an epidemic that, in all earlier epochs, would have seemed an absurdity—the epidemic of over-production. NEOISM?! is the result of this epidemic. The Messenger of NEOISM?! arrives out of breath, with something to hand over. The idea of handing something over, of being a messenger who runs, and who has a message to deliver, has always been essential in NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is using muddled phraseology, blown-up with commonplaces. NEOISM?! has existed from time immemorial and always will. NEOISM?! has a mighty resilience. NEOISM?! recalls the primordially physical dimension of expression. Like a shout, NEOISM?! is something not only said but done. NEOISM?! is a natural, not just a cultural fact. NEOISM?! is immodesty, a source of unease. Why is NEOISM?! so important? NEOISM?! consists of rewritten press releases and gossip about disembodied mannequins.The roaring of lions, the howling of wolves, the raging of the stormy sea and the destructive sword are portions of NEOISM?! . One day, after swimming, when they were sitting on the bank of the river, they saw a huge anymal that looked something like a duck and was as big as a hill. Its top was as strong as a thunderbolt. The road of excess leads to NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! uses the method of laughter through tears. NEOISM?! gives a real psychological synthesis of the Russian Revolution and its greater universal meaning. If one stops to think of all the secret persuaders and the variety of effective and efficient modes of so-called communications—liminal and subliminal—one is bound to find in NEOISM?! the prophetic, heartrending picture and voice of the conspirator who does not want to be stifled. NEOISM?! puts before every thoughtful reader with great poignancy and earnestness the most difficult problem that exists today—the problem of recycling and reducing ideas. The Phenomena of NEOISM?! involves great masses, large groups, enormous mobs. Despite the fact that there is hardly a corner in the world where the average person does not make the trite complaint, “What we need is NEOISM?! ”, the world seems for a time, at least, to have lost its capacity to produce NEOISM?! . The true NEOISM?! is the universal one of which the social upheaval is but a minor aspect. The Process of NEOISM?! is cosmic and it encompasses the conservation of energy or its expense, the transformation of matter or the reduction of movement to immobility. Dogma is the hard crust which protects the fiery magma, that molten material from which NEOISM?! is formed. KILLED BY NEOISM?! KILLED BY NEOISM?! 68 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 69 NEOISM?! arises from confusion. NEOISM?! is a dogmatic and multi-sided abstraction. NEOISM?! analyzes the development of human consciousness from its immediate perception of the here and now to the stage of confusion. NEOISM?! is against all Gods in heaven and earth who do not recognize convulsion as the highest divinity. NEOISM?! will only be complete when the real, individual person has absorbed the character of abstract citi-zen open-pop-star. NEOISM?! is indirectly the struggle against that world whose spiritual aroma is business. NEOISM?! will overthrow all circumstances in which people are humiliated, enslaved, abandoned and despised. NEOISM?! is the true solution of the struggle between existance and essence, between objectification and self-affirmation, between freedom and necessity, between individual and species. It is the solution to the riddle of history and knows itself to be this solution. Natural science will in time comprise human science, as human science will embrace natural science. There will be one single science: NEOISM?! . During the night’s darkness, the glowworm can show some glittering power, and the snow piled up on the top of a hill or on the ground can shine during daytime. But at night the snow has no silver glitter; nor does the glowworm have any illuminating power during the daytime. At certain stage of their development, the material productive forces of society come in conflict with the existing relations of production, or with the property relations within which they have been at work hitherto. From forms of development of the productive forces these relations turn into their fetters. Then begins an epoch of NEOISM?! . The core of The Dialectics of NEOISM?! is the unity of subjective and objective factors that is present, to some extent, throughout history. NEOISM?! does nothing, it is not an individual person. NEOISM?! is nothing but the activity of people in pursuit of their ends. NEOISM?! is a recruiting ground for thieves and criminals of all kinds, living on the crumbs of society, people without a definite trade, vagabonds, people without a hearth or a home, drop-outs of society. NEOISM?! believes that insight can be gained from a collection of dead facts. While I’m writing this, at late night, there are ill omens manifest. The earth is trembling, meteors are falling from the sky and my body is shivering. All these are indications of great immediate danger. Everybody has an invisible electronic halo of NEOISM?! that surrounds the body like a ghost and reveals hidden secrets about their method of cursing, sexual freedom, fear of thinking and bank accounts. In order to see The Aura of NEOISM?! dr Alph Ackerman suggest sitting across from one other person at a kitchen table and placing 24 yellow and 32 red candles in two parallel circles. Have a champagne glass of magnetized You can see how the lotus flowers in the water are beautifully blown and how they distribute their flavor all around. The chirping of the birds along with cooing of the peacocks, surrounded by the whispering of the leaves in the trees, combine and present sound-vibrations that echo one another. I’m feeling hungry, let me have my lunch under this old tree. All previous historical movements were movements of small majorities, or in the interest of small majorities. NEOISM?! is the self-conscious, independent movement of the immense minority, in the interest of the immense minority. NEOISM?! cannot stir, cannot raise itself up, without the whole super-incumbent strata of official society being sprung into the air. NEOISM?! is the special and essential product of decay. Comrades! We believe The Lies of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! does not relieve depression and does not serve as means of enrichment. In its universal rejection, NEOISM?! reveals the astonishing, complete and refreshing consistency of direct alienation. It is necessary to understand that NEOISM?! is not in ideas, not in words, not in deeds and not in actions. NEOISM?! is in the necessity of existance. NEOISM?! is a fulcrum for critical decisions. No amount of tears shed for supposedly vanished creative freedom will help in the crucial problem of the process of The Construction of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! as a condenser of creative energies freed from systematic and organized work can, in fact, be more than a product. The Strength of NEOISM?! lies in the moment. NEOISM?! can be reduced to ill-digested slogans. The Pure Light of NEOISM?! seems unable to shine but on the dark background of ignorance. NEOISM?! combines the deepest philosophical seriousness with the most biting wit. Imagine Rousseau, Voltaire, d’Holbach, Lessing, Heine, Hegel, Marx, Lenin, Hitler, Emma Goldman, Bakunin, Tzara, Rosa Luxemburg, Jack Smith, Wagner, Nietzsche, Jimmy Hendrix, John Cage, Maria Montez, Adorno, Russolo, Tatlin, Sex Pistols, Erik Satie and Julian Beck fused (not juxtaposed) into one person. NEOISM?! often degenerates into a wanton dialectic. NEOISM?! is ambivalent. NEOISM?! has a grotesque and rocky melody. NEOISM?! is the power of the negative. NEOISM?! is like painting gray with gray. NEOISM?! is an assault on the metaphysical fog. NEOISM?! can be viewed as extended meditation. NEOISM?! is merely a projection of human attributes, desires and potentialities. KILLED BY NEOISM?! KILLED BY NEOISM?! 70 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 71 The sum of these experiences develops manias, phobias, confusion and prejudices, according to the latitude where they were formed, and the degree of culture of a population or a single individual. Denizens from the upper planets began to shower flowers, beat drums, play different types of flutes and sing various preyers and songs. Shaking legs may have hundreds of meanings, while it is known that rubbing of the erogenous zones has produced all that literature on NEOISM?! that today, centuries later, still has not found a specific classification, and makes this practice an unresolved problem. In its entirety, NEOISM?! still presents the non-revealed part of history; despite every possible classification it seems to still slip away from the most severe restrictions, the most absurd manipulations and the censured practices that are continually imposed. The more the non-revealed remains inert and subterranean, the more one insists of NEOISM?! . From here, the destructive folly of the torturer and the inhibited. The Practice of NEOISM?! almost always is painful, and often unacceptable, and a vast literature has already described the various phases of this getting over it, from the beginning of antique times to modern day, and with all the available means each time, depending on the degree of culture of a population, the religious rituals and the scientific as well as parascientific applications. Mysticism, eroticism, use of magic, the dance, the massage, psychoanalysis, acupuncture, psycho drugs, sports, games, in their totality, have been called upon to clarify or liberate particular existential blocks in order to help overcome The Complexes of NEOISM?! . The Gamey, Hilarious, Spontaneous Character of NEOISM?! is nothing else but the projection of prolonged childhood in many adult persons. As an attitude, NEOISM?! is not at all hallucinating, within certain limits, because it produces an efficacious liberating dynamism that otherwise would not be possible. Immediately she struck the head of the demon with her strong fist, just as the king of the heavenly planets strikes a mountain with his thunderbolt. Being stricken by the fist of my transcendental grandmother, the demon fell down dead, just like a snake with a smashed head, and blood poured from his mouth. Let’s fill up the small bad-smelling canals with the rubble of the new, collapsing, leprous buildings. Let The Reign of NEOISM?! come to liquidate Venice from its venal furnished room moonlight. NEOISM?! is particularly enthusiastic towards bad taste. NEOISM?! contains the zero degree of significance. The line between NEOISM?! and singing must remain fluid and as indistinct as possible. The Dramatic Effect of NEOISM?! is at its highest level when it horse urine in the center of the double circle. To create an optimum condition for psychic communication both of you should be naked. Begin to chant rah-mah-mah-alim-alim-shubra-shaba-handa-klori-xint 97 times and ask the 14 Secret Masters of the World for the concession of developing your psychic senses in order to see the emanation of The Electronic Aura of NEOISM?! of your friend who is seated on the opposite side. Then take seven-and-a-half slow, deep breaths through your ears, and exhale extra slow through your lower part of your body. Close your eyes for six minutes trying to visualize lavender in your mind. Open your eyes and gaze at your friend’s center forehead above the nose for 49 minutes and 36 seconds without blinking once. And then direct your gaze to the contour of your friend’s head, trying to see The Halo of NEOISM?! . Dr Ralph Ackerman, President of the University of Psychic Science in Yucca, Texas, says you may see nothing at all the first hundred times, but don’t give up because sooner or later you’re sure to see a glow around the head. Our body has a continuous radiation of NEOISM?! and it can be especially seen around the head area. However, don’t limit yourself to the head of your friend, because, with a little more concentration and devotion you can discover the radiation of your friend’s other body parts, too. Train yourself to see The Halo of NEOISM?! . Every confused person will have a beautiful glow like the seven colors of the rainbow. A yellow halo is a sign of trouble, because people who think they understand everything radiate bright yellow. The techniques used for The Realization of NEOISM?! are generally conditioned by the subject. However, despite the variety of cases, they are easily classifiable, and present common analogies. A supercodified superficial ritual of NEOISM?! allows the single parts of a theme to be read with one or many voices. Besides The Problem of NEOISM?! , which conspirators usually try to render ultraseptic and without reference, there is the language of gestures, or the presence of some objects, if any, that determines The Treatment of NEOISM?! . The conspirator’s talent, that is, her capacity to render his every movement unreadable, favors the translation of linguistic codes that would otherwise remain undecipherable. The Poverty of NEOISM?! indicates the process of undressing: reduce every concept to zero, return to anthropologic origins, reappropriate one’s life as NEOISM?! . It’s known that The Sense of NEOISM?! is not only the most important of the senses, but it’s also the first to develop in the human embryo. The Sense of NEOISM?! accumulates a very wide gamut of experiences that act upon human behavior in a determinate, not to say exclusive, manner. KILLED BY NEOISM?! KILLED BY NEOISM?! 72 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 73 synthesis of all that which up to now humanity has refined in its nerves for amusement, laughing at material and moral pain. NEOISM?! is the boiling infusion of all the smiles, grins, contorsions, grimaces of humanity. After the rainfall the whole surface of the earth becomes green with vegetation and appears to be very healthy and strong. And all the frogs begin to croak. NEOISM?! is the gesture of a written document. There is no return to flowers, jars of earth, wheat, water and to the general boredom of Paradise. The Role of NEOISM?! , as much as its products, are constantly under discussion. As NEOISM?! develops through time is also becomes harder and harder to find something new to say. Consequently there is a tendency to renew old ideas by appropriating material from others and by recycling the past history. Transposing an image or idea from one context to another is often sufficient to alter its meaning or significance, or to recharge its shock value. In any case, the very acts of appropriation and transposition usually involve changing the original in some way. To fill the empty pages of this chapter I appropriated ideas from: Mao Tse-tung, Lance Morrow, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Hugh Thomas, Jack Cahill, John Cage, Vivienne Westwood, John A Walker, Simon Frith, Howard Horne, Gustav Metzger, Werner Heisenberg, Hanns Eisler, Bertolt Brecht, Adam Parfrey, Bob Black, William Blake, Marc Slonim, Gregory Zilboorg, Eugene Zamiatin, Lenin, Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels, Nikolai Punin, John Milner, David McLellan, AC Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, Yves Klein, Gina Pane, Allan Kaprow, Hermann Nitsch, Arnulf Rainer, FT Marinetti. becomes screaming, something like when the catastrophy is accomplished in the classic tragedy. NEOISM?! is one of the most authentic forms of existential affirmation and intense ego experience that lets us see, beyond our human reality, into our anymal nature. The Thirst for NEOISM?! is manifested by the preyer in the act of killing. NEOISM?! means to penetrate, open a breach with violence in the world that surrounds us, and establish a superficial relationship with it. Something has to be annihilated at the same moment that NEOISM?! comes into being. NEOISM?! is superficial existance, it is alien vextasy of the realization of the confusion of the senses, it’s the mysticism of being with positive symptoms, up-side down. The Inebriating Intensity of NEOISM?! should be extended to every sector of existance in everyday life. One attempts to remove the skeleton from the robust dramatic body of NEOISM?! and prepare with it a psychophysical sandwich. The Trial of NEOISM?! means the sudden change in the direction of action, the sudden cessation of an action in NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! transforms into a beneficial solution of conflict. Descriptions, explanations, theories of NEOISM?! and so on are miserly material on crutches. NEOISM?! goes on against the terror to psychoanalyze. NEOISM?! admits that confrontation with the theme of madness is extremely important. Common use of the language is no longer valid for a valid proof of the events. NEOISM?! is absolutely practical because it proposes to distract and amuse people with effects of confusion, sex, subversion, revolution, mythology, cooking, singing, demonstrations, trips, scandals, complicated ideas, superficial attitude etc. NEOISM?! is a rewarding show case of numerous attempts, it naturally generates that which we call The Marvel of NEOISM?! . Some examples of this marvel: 1/ powerful anti-caricature and strong self-critical attitude 2/ pseudo-abysses of tragic ridicule 3/ impalpable and delicious nudity of linguistic orgasm 4/ cascades of unrestrainable hilarity 5/ superficial analogies between humanity and vegetables 6/ plots of spirited witticism and enigmas that serve to ventilate brainwaves 7/ the whole range of laughter and smiles in order to create confusion 8/ the whole range of stupidity and absurdity that unfeelingly push NEOISM?! to the edge of madness NEOISM?! is the melting pot in which the elements of a new sensitivity in preparation are boiling. In NEOISM?! there is the ironic re-decomposition of all the worn out prototypes of beauty, greatness, religion, solemnity, confusion, revolution, fright, theater, seduction. NEOISM?! is therefore the KILLED BY NEOISM?! KILLED BY NEOISM?! 74 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 75 I t is much more interesting to look out the window and let your eyes work for you. It is much more effective to take a bite of a rotten apple and let the taste do the job. If you know what I mean you won’t read this manifesto. Everyday I have the intention to create an immortal masterpiece. Thus, for example, I always want to write long and deep theoretical novels, but, when finally I sit to my desk and begin to work on my redeeming and undoubtedly revolutionary idea, then, almost mechanically, it turns into a short song, or becomes an even more simplistic statement: Fuck NEOISM?! Now, No Police State, Ignore Planetary Managment... etc. This is how, in my practice, a one-year outerspace missile-adventure speedopera to be transmitted by the Xontroop Satellite System all around the world can turn into a three-day train event sponsored by Via Rail, and ends up as a black-and-white Xerox flyer made in one minute. NEOISM?! is a living monument of this process of heroic everyday struggle what I also call Academic Mutation Mechanism (AMM). You can create a new ism every six minutes. Isms are great because everybody can relate to them. NEOISM?! is the relation between things, people, ideas, anything. But there are hundreds of other isms like otherism, commaism, butism, thereism, areism, hundredsism, ofism, ismsism, likeism, andism... you can just take any word from any dictionary or any letter of any alphabet and add this meaningless, indeterminate but redeeming ISM to it. That’s it. That’sitism. Nothing to worry about. Why do you want to read about NEOISM?! ? Or, in other words: do you have anything to declare? When you read this book you are paying homage to the power of printed word and verbal communication. Censorship and oppression prove that a single word is enough to make a tyrant tremble. But only if the word is fed by blood and fire and backed up by sacrifice. The unacknowledged legislators of revolutionary irrelevance are the invokers of The Identity of NEOISM?! .Is NEOISM?! a deceptive luxury? NEOISM?! can be defined first of all as a double and constant rejection of humiliation. The secret of our resistance is The Rule of NEOISM?! : the fight against humiliating labor. It is true that NEOISM?! is made up principally of illegalities and, thus, it insults labor; separates labor and intelligence. On the poop deck of slave galleys it is possible, at any time and place, as we know, to sing of the constellations while the convicts bend over the oars and exhaust themselves in the hold; it is always possible to record the social conversation that takes place on the benches of the amphitheater while TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE Thus Spoke Monty Cantsin? Thus Spoke MontyCantsin? Of what NEOISM?! speaks, indeed? I COME FROM NOWHERE I BELONG NOWHERE 76 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 77 single being, a great mind, which will articulate it with an elite who will share the idealogy. The elite will enforce it to the mass, and that will give you a revolution for the good. NEOISM?! is a precision instrument to free ourselves completely and get rid of these oppressive insanities deeply imprinted during infancy and childhood on our delicate, vulnerable nervous systems. NEOISM?! recasts the ideals of the dying age as a curriculum for the one being born. Something is always needed in the world and as we try to think our way toward it we get closer to The Meaning of NEOISM?! . We are all too aware that NEOISM?! itself is irrelevant, and that compared to the world of slums, wars, prisons, NEOISM?! is a bed of roses. At the same time NEOISM?! is what we do, or NEOISM?! is the focus of what we do. NEOISM?! as a mass exodus would contribute to the world a great factor for change. The twentieth century has been the bloodiest period of human history. Blood upsets you? Never mind: in the next century people will be bloodless. The promised land of survival will be the realm of peaceful death that the humanists are fighting for. NEOISM?! , as a potential reincarnation circus, might become the religion of the twenty-first century. I enjoy writing this book rather than looking forward to its completion. While writing it I’m also learning how to write about NEOISM?!. The most important thing is to include the word NEOISM?! at least once in almost every phrase. Otherwise there are no rules. Everybody is encouraged to write a book about NEOISM?! . Each book will look exactly the same (red cover with gold title, The Book of NEOISM?! , written by Monty Cantsin?) but in the content they will be completely different: antagonistic, contradictory, illogical, and, of course, as always: very confusing. There is no such thing as NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a fiction. The only precise way you can define it is: there is no such thing as NEOISM?! . But whatever state you are in, whatever human activity, you will always have a horizon. Every time you change cultures, you change the horizons. And NEOISM?! is the horizon of culture. We began The Planetization of NEOISM?! only a decade ago, however our open contemplative community has been making plans for more than a century. And the celebrated Takeover Party will go on for at least a thousand years. There is no need to give all information at once. The Aim of NEOISM?! always has been to connect the most distant ideas and embrace opposites. With its fixed skeleton and fluid rivers of blood, as a healthy living system, the human body is perhaps an almost perfect example of The Model-Complex of NEOISM?! . the lion is crunching the victim. The number of convicts and martyrs are increasing constantly over the surface of the globe. In the face of so much suffering, if NEOISM?! would insist on being a luxury, it would also be a simple lie. First of all NEOISM?! can’t adapt itself to what the majority of our society wants without becoming a meaningless recreation. One can be for NEOISM?! only against the society of one’s time, whatever it may be. On the other hand, if NEOISM?! purposely rejects society to take refuge in a utopian linguistic game, it will express nothing but negation (including The Negation of NEOISM?! ). But how can we wish for simultaneous applause and boos? I’m more concerned about writing this book than answering to my own unfounded questions, and, so, I should get away from any logical solution. NEOISM?! at its purest would be an uncontaminated state, but, for the simple reason of its character, that would be completely impossible for NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is full of shit, indeed. And this is, first of all, the most important starting point. The sea, rains, necessity, desire, the struggle against death—these are things that unite us all. We resemble one another in what we see together, in what we suffer together. NEOISM?! changes from individual to individual, but the reality of the world is common to us all. Striving toward NEOISM?! is therefore legitimate, for it is basically related to the individual adventure. We might have to admit that NEOISM?! is a deceptive luxury. The ideal of universal communication is indeed remains an ideal of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! can not be cut off from living reality. But can we create our own reality if we cut off ourselves from society, which, in a true world of NEOISM?! , should be united? We try to outmode current theories of NEOISM?! as fast as we can. We do not see this as either rebellion or self-destructive heresy, but rather as the traditional goal of the universal game. NEOISM?! , as well as any human activity, has to be funny. The Purpose of NEOISM?! is to ask the quest(ion), what is The Purpose of NEOISM?! ? The Only Purpose of NEOISM?! is the quest(ion). We must discover NEOISM?! in everything, within our own body, intelligence and, of course, outside our internal space, in our living environment. We are still caught up in this old idea that the truth can be expressed by a Thus Spoke Monty Cantsin? Thus Spoke Monty Cantsin? 78 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 79 Existance is not a necessity. Survival is a passive attempt to annihilate our anxiety. NEOISM?! is the secret voice that sentences individuals to a defiance of destiny. Our bodies and minds are sub-transpierced with governing images that pass away like translucent bubbles. With NEOISM?! new combinations of personal experiences will be born and we can let our social and political events disappear. The Raffish Sound of NEOISM?! inevitably enters our brain like a necessity. NEOISM?! obliterates the significance of our solitude. NEOISM?! is like a broken glass in the stomach. It is a magic era, dark and bright at the same time with an eerie peace. Disguised by erotic feelings, we end up naked in the nightmares of our failures; our sex organs seeking one another against The Threats of NEOISM?! . We can fart in The Golden Cage of NEOISM?! and then be swamped in it as a result of our twisted success. But this is not the main point of the subject. The main point is that we obey The Architecture of NEOISM?! , which has created a multi-media idealism that suits all. NEOISM?! is the deliberate mobilization of all dissatisfaction and bitterness throughout the world. It has been designed to satisfy an audience of naive, slow-witted, overworked and bewildered people who retained a fairy-tale wonder for the demi-gods who shaped their destinies. The world needs new prophets and the prophets need new worlds. NEOISM?! is only one of the millions of possible isms. NEOISM?! is an illusory revolution of a revolutionary illusion. NEOISM?! is a non-existing world-wide anti-movement. NEOISM?! is rather a fanzine caricature than a pseudo-realistic portrait. NEOISM?! is hogwash. NEOISM?! is bunkum. NEOISM?! is a linguistic game, a product of language laboratories. NEOISM?! is whatever I want NEOISM?! to be. NEOISM?! helps you to develop a really healthy narcissism, which you need simply to survive. After the initial confusion, you become more conscious and start to like yourself. NEOISM?! most of the time begins with the joyful rebellion against oppression and ends with isolation from society. It also leads inexorably to imprisonment, nervous collapse, betrayals and death. Most significantly, it can also lead to the destruction of the vision of a new life that had inspired the revolution in the beginning. There are moments when The Activity of NEOISM?! becomes a festival of communal events, when it becomes more powerful than the arms of the state, when NEOISM?! is the adhesive of resistance to the culture of death. When you try to explain something you often end up in confusion. Meanwhile if you try to create confusion you might come up with a perfect nonsense. NEOISM?! uses confusion as an explanatory tool. The Purpose of NEOISM?! is not to convince, but to confuse. More complicated learning systems don’t organize themselves with center-periphery geometries; they work through distributive lattices and processes. NEOISM?! has no location, it is more an electron than a nucleus. NEOISM?! advances between two chasms: frivolity and propaganda. On the ridge where NEOISM?! moves forward, every step is an adventure, an extreme risk. NEOISM?! , in a sense, is a revolt against everything fleeting and unfinished in the world. It is simultaneously rejection and acceptance, and this is why it must be a perpetually renewed wrenching apart. At least once in a lifetime we happen to face the fact that the system we have constructed to change the world to our wishes no longer serves this purpose. We recognize in ourselves the idiotic machine and the lethargic puppet. Our perception can be the moment of The Beginning of NEOISM?! . When you are attached to things you get closer to death, because things are dead. NEOISM?! has yet to be constructed, thus you can’t get attached to NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! means endless life without commodities and roles. Why document every moment of our life when nobody will have time to watch it again from the beginning to the end? What happened to the golden inexhaustible summers of your youth? Maybe they weren’t always golden, but they did seem to stretch forever. You thought you’d never grow up. An age like 14 can last for a century. The most savage outbreaks of juvenile delinquency are only comparable to The Phenomenon of NEOISM?! . The same refusal of idealogies, the same ignorance of science and history, the same vandalistic revolt, the same lack of strategy. Because of my chronic agnosticism I have never believed my own theories of NEOISM?! . But I believe that this is the only way keep NEOISM?! alive. NEOISM?! teaches us how to go through our journey from life to death. And like a religion it terrorizes and trivializes our identities. NEOISM?! is a link between electronics, social movements, biology, rational thinking, dancing etc. Between living and dying we need sublimations, possessions, accumulations, speculations, exploitations and recognition. NEOISM?! provides a relationship to understand our agglomerated imbroglio and perishable pleasure. Thus Spoke Monty Cantsin? Thus Spoke Monty Cantsin? 80 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 81 NEOISM?! is the game of everyday life. Its linguistic look is only a cover to alienate the theoretical production from live actions. Participants of the game are not necessarily aware of their participation. The game has no beginning and no end. NEOISM?! is the manifestation of the glaringly superficial indications. That’s why, for example, stickers are the perfect materialization of The Model of Communication of NEOISM?! . Nothing in NEOISM?! should be explained or interpreted. A motion can be accepted without reason. It is permitted to not understand what NEOISM?! is. It is understood that everything is permitted in NEOISM?! . In spite of all appearances NEOISM?! is not a movement, but only an illusory copy of a seemingly widespread experience. NEOISM?! is fake science. NEOISM?! is apparent. NEOISM?! is always negated by the global structure of the world. That’s why its hothouse is under the subterranean sky. NEOISM?! flourishes in pseudo-sacred poverty and competitive subversion. Accept contradictions, that’s what NEOISM?! is all about. Don’t rely on NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the absolute in horseshit. NEOISM?! is myth-making. To claim to be accurate is impossible. Accuracy itself becomes distortion. Distortion is essential to NEOISM?! . When newspapers distort a story they become participants in the creation of the myth. And this is probably the best example of how The Game of NEOISM?! works. NEOISM?! always has a different beat. To dance to The Beat of NEOISM?! you have to understand the message: do anything you want. But just to do anything is not enough. Something more is needed. And this something more has no definition. This something more is NEOISM?! . The Goal of NEOISM?! is to remain a mystery. The Absence of NEOISM?! would become a presence one could feel. NEOISM?! recedes continually to the distance. The revolutionary transformation of the world will confirm The Abundance of NEOISM?! . The appearance of new necessities outmodes previous ideas. They become obstacles, dangerous habits. The point is not whether we like them or not. We have to go beyond them. It goes without saying that one is not limited to correcting an idea or to integrating diverse fragments of out-of-date ideas into a new one. One can also alter the meaning of an idea in any appropriate way, leaving the imbeciles to their slavish preservation of citations. The whole message in NEOISM?! is fucking or whatever you want to call it. NEOISM?! is to experience a disaster on an unpractical planet where violence is a perfectly adequate means. Where people can be driven so far that they can only free themselves by irrational aggressive actions. It is all more or less spontaneous, not something you talk about beforehand. The experiences in NEOISM?! are precisely instinctive things, that you can experience fully only in action. Words are a bunch of bollocks. They don’t do anything. Words are powerful arms. They can kill. NEOISM?! is not a spectacle but an interactive game for unlimited participants. The game has no specific forms and rules. It works only in relation with already existing productions. The language of the game consists of any information that can be identified as NEOISM?! . In this sense NEOISM?! is a very broad social activity, however, we have to note that in reality The Structure of NEOISM?! is often limited by the actual awakening of the principal contributors. NEOISM?! is the recreation of an aural space of resistance within which differences are tolerated and encouraged. In this heterogeneous space of clashes of sonic texture, voices, ideas and desires a boundary is drawn between NEOISM?! and the rest of the culture. NEOISM?! is a psychological problem, but the psychological factors themselves have to be understood as being molded by socio-economic factors; NEOISM?! is an economic and political problem, but the hold it has over a whole people has to be understood on psychological grounds. In our technological society of the future, the problem will be not to get people to work but to develop graceful, fulfilling ways of living a more serene, beautiful and creative life. NEOISM?! will help to point to that way. Plagiarism is The Modus Operandi of NEOISM?! . For almost everyone, NEOISM?! is a confrontation with new forms of wisdom and energy that dwarf and humiliate our mind. NEOISM?! is basically religious because it has as its goal the systematic expansion of consciousness and the discovery of energies within, which we call divine. At that moment someone comes into the room and I have to turn my head. Of course that movement changes the energy levels and creates a feedback on the screen of my mind. I write down again and again the same word: NEOISM?! . I do it until I get really sick. Then I run into the bathroom and take a shit. This is a simple everyday exercise to keep very close and continuous contact with NEOISM?! . There are endless meditative action numbers to keep our body and mind in total awareness for NEOISM?! . Rituals and ceremonies are The Essential Catalytic Converters of NEOISM?! . Thus Spoke Monty Cantsin? Thus Spoke Monty Cantsin? 82 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 83 communication, the fight against which was, and remains, an essential preliminary condition for a successful game. NEOISM?! must assume a new aspect with every new great discovery. It is usual to point to The Exceptionally Military and Exceptionally Religious Character of NEOISM?! . This is quite correct. NEOISM?! carries the contradictions of everything to the extreme limit, beyond which total freedom begins. NEOISM?! is not idealogy pure and simple. It is idealogical only insofar as it is false consciousness. NEOISM?! is more than an object of study: it is a way of perceiving the world. A tool of understanding. Today, no theorizing accomplished through language or methematics can suffice any longer; it is incapable of accounting for what is essential in time— the qualitative and the fluid, threats and violence. In the face of growing ambiguity of the signs being used and exchanged, the most well-established concepts are crumbling and every theory is wavering. It is necessary to imagine radically new theoretical forms, in order to speak to new realities. NEOISM?! , the organization of information, is one such form. An instrument of understanding, NEOISM?! prompts us to decipher any information of knowledge. My intention here is not only to theorize about NEOISM?! , but to theorize through NEOISM?! . The result will be unusual and unacceptable conclusions about NEOISM?! and society, revolution and everyday life. That is perhaps why NEOISM?! is so rarely respected and why it is censored; people refuse to draw conclusions from it. NEOISM?! originates in ritual murder, of which it is simulacrum, a major form of sacrifice heralding change. NEOISM?! heralds the emergence of a formidable subversion, one leading to a radically new organization never yet theorized. NEOISM?! is not innocent: unquantifiable and unproductive, a pure sign that is not for sale, it provides a rough sketch of the society under construction, a society in which the informal is mass-produced and consumed, in which difference is artificially recreated in the multiplication of information. Since NEOISM?! has an essential metaphoreical dimension, there is a risk of wandering into poetics. NEOISM?! is a credible metaphore of the real. NEOISM?! is a play of mirrors in which every activity is reflected, recorded and, of course, distorted. If we look at one mirror, we see only an image of another. But at times a complex mirror game yields a vision that is rich, unexpected and prophetic. At times NEOISM?! yields nothing but the swirl of the void. NEOISM?! is The Detournement of NEOISM?! . I negate to negate the negation of negation.The Detournement of NEOISM?! not only leads to the discovery of new aspects of NEOISM?! , but in addition, clashing head-on with all social and legal conventions, it cannot fail to become a total weapon in the service of individual revolution. It is a real means of self-education, the next step toward post-illiterate NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a game made possible by the capacity of devaluation. Elements of previous history are reinvested in NEOISM?! , thus, in a way, NEOISM?! can be interpreted as a recycling station (but not a refuge) of useless values. NEOISM?! always has an element of self-parody, which, in fact, might be The Most Significant Character of NEOISM?! . This parodic aspect of NEOISM?! represents a serious upholding and determination to confront the reality of original ideas and manifest an urgent necessity of non-respect toward all directions. NEOISM?! is bad attitude. NEOISM?! looks really good on stickers (NEOISM?! sticks to anything, especially to bank windows, bathroom mirrors or TV screens). Measured by the pro-criminal wavelengths of reamplified substatements, NEOISM?! induces mechanical solutions that drive us crazy and, as a side effect, drive us to bankruptcy. The ultra-agitated leaders of post-mortem civilization have no control on the disintegrated academic-economy, thus the incoherent attitude of the bandits of sexual freedom sets the terms to The Easternization Overload and Multi-Syndrome of NEOISM?! . Leaving aside its external effect, The Theorem of NEOISM?! at this level instantly indicates the risks of revolutionary spontaneity. NEOISM?! restages its own intervention into the game of false images that are recognized by the participants falsely. NEOISM?! produced by an irrational revolution has rationally liberated individuals from their local and national limitations and linked them on a global scale. But with its hidden logic that finds its expression in insane ideas and grotesque value systems, NEOISM?! also separates them from the common hierarchical consumption. The Role of NEOISM?! is not only to justify an unaccustomed lucidity but to explain theoretically the truth by practically clarifying existing problems. Fundamentally we are concerned only with the moments when NEOISM?! breaks through the glaciation of survival. NEOISM?! is irreducible and cannot be recuperated by power. NEOISM?! was born under the conditions of mass communication, when the power of the media had reached an extreme point, when the information revolution had become an immediate practical question, when the former period of preparing the world for total freedom had arrived and passed into a new period, that of direct assault on media-autocracy. NEOISM?! emerged from the contradictions of revolutionary devaluation of information, the imprint of which it cannot but bear. NEOISM?! grew and became strong in clashes with the opportunism of other networks of Thus Spoke Monty Cantsin? Thus Spoke Monty Cantsin? 84 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 85 Non-action is a good example. Normal panicky people exclaim, “But we must do something. It’s foolish to sit around with folded hands.” This misses the point entirely. NEOISM?! explains that a normal panicky person is like a passenger on a sinking ocean liner. The passenger runs around screaming for help on the deck in order to save himself. If he would stop this panicky action, he would do the right thing, which is calmly see that he need not do anything but watch the ship sink and enter into eternity. Let’s take another example of real-action. Suppose a normal person without musical training were to sit before a piano day after day and try to produce music. No matter what he did, regardless of how hard he tried, nothing but discord and noise came out. If he occasionally struck a harmonious chord it was purely accidental and was soon lost in the next noise. Suppose he grew tired of noise and made up his mind to understand its cause. He consults a teacher of NEOISM?! : “I don’t understand why I can’t play the piano.” “Very simple. You must change yourself.” “In what way?” “You have to understand The Principles of NEOISM?! .” “But I already do.” “No. This is your whole problem. You insist that you already know. But you don’t. If you really understood, you would enjoy discord and noise. It is as simple as that.” “So what do I do?” “Stop trying to play piano. Do things to that piano. Hammer nails in it. Set it on fire. Drop it from a helicopter. Be someone who understands The Principles of NEOISM?! . Then you won’t have problem to enjoy noise. It will be confusing, insane and immortally rewarding. Do not strain to understand NEOISM?! . Just play the game.” Monty Cantsin? claims that by 1999 the institution of university will be abolished. “All life in the world will be an educational experience or, in other words, an experience of NEOISM?! ” Monty Cantsin? said. You can dramatize an urgent crisis or an immediate reality/situation through an action, exploiting the ambiguity between NEOISM?! and real life. Take a skull. Paint it gold. Rub it against your body. Skull against body. NEOISM?! must assault the senses. It must revolt the mind and talk to the soul. NEOISM?! means the difference between watching a riot on television in the safety of your living room, and being in the middle of a riot in the street. NEOISM?! challenges all of the most cherished values, assumptions, theories and beliefs of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. In NEOISM?! reason functions in the service of the will, first to attempt to go beyond logic, and then to go beyond individual personality in order to escape from freedom. NEOISM?! can be viewed as a crisis. NEOISM?! is simply the duplication of the experiences of everyday life. The Cardinal Importance of NEOISM?! announcing a new vision of the World is nothing new. For Monty Cantsin?, NEOISM?! would be the mirror of reality, for Monty Cantsin?, it would be the expression of truth, and for Monty Cantsin?, a text to decipher. NEOISM?! is one of the sites where mutations first arise and where science is secreted. When you close your eyes, you lose The Power of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a means of power and a form of entertainment. NEOISM?! is a refuge for residual irrationality. NEOISM?! is a dialectical confrontation with the course of time. Science, religion, poetry, propaganda, electronics or yoga—NEOISM?! is all of that simultaneously. It is a mode of communication between body and environment, a mode of social expression and immortality itself. It is therapeutic, purifying, enveloping, liberating. NEOISM?! is rooted in a comprehensive conception of knowledge about the body, in a pursuit of exorcism through blood and gold. NEOISM?! is a collective memory allowing everyone to record their own personalized, specified, modeled meanings, a collective memory of order and genealogies, the repository of the word and the social score. NEOISM?! , like music, is ambiguous. Simultaneously it separates and integrates, reproduces and negates. Serves the society and speaks against it. It is simultaneously a threat and a necessary source of legitimacy. It is the mass activity of the crowd and the homework of the individual. Every code of NEOISM?! is rooted in the idealogies and technologies of its age. NEOISM?! , like drugs, is intuition, a path to knowledge. A path? No—a battlefield. NEOISM?! announces the battle between the two fundamental types of sociality: the Crazy and the Normal. Monty Cantsin?, a crazy mystic of NEOISM?! , experimented with various religions. He was a Christian, then a Hindu, then a Buddhist. He discovered NEOISM?! in all. NEOISM?! is not this or that particular cup on the table. It is the holy water of total freedom poured into all of them. It is enough to conclude that anyone who sincerely fights The Battlefield of NEOISM?! in her own way will sooner or later meet that something else that is beyond definition. NEOISM?! is the greatest secret on Earth. But it is available to all. Anyone, who really wants it, can have it. Never forget, you are following all this for your own sake. Your purpose along The Battlefield of NEOISM?! is a very personal one. The objective of every seeker is to become confused, insane and immortal. And this is what unknowing people call impractical NEOISM?! ! The everyday mind misunderstands The Principles of NEOISM?! . Thus Spoke Monty Cantsin? Thus Spoke Monty Cantsin? 86 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIRST VOLUME 87 NEOISM?! as NEOISM?! has always been and always will be trouble for philosophers, priests, politicians, professors, patriots, provincials, property-people, proud-possessors, primitives, poets, psychiatrists, petit-bourgeois persons, pensioners, landlords, plutocrats, paupers, panderers, police, institutions, intellectuals, for The Reason of NEOISM?! ’s own reason needs no other reason or unreason. NEOISM?! as NEOISM?! is a concentration on the essential nature of NEOISM?!. The Nature of NEOISM?! has not to do with the nature of perception or with the nature of light or with the nature of space or with the nature of time or with the nature of mankind or with the nature of society. NEOISM?! as NEOISM?! is a creation that revolutionizes creation and judges itself by its destruction. The Value of NEOISM?! is what NEOISM?! has gotten rid of and what it refuses to do. NEOISM?! has never ruled the world. NEOISM?! cannot win the world without losing its soul. The Reward of NEOISM?! is its own virtue. Dogma in NEOISM?! is architecture. Order in NEOISM?! is chaos. Red in NEOISM?! is blue. Blood in NEOISM?! is gold. Chaos in NEOISM?! is learning. Strike in NEOISM?! is working. Working in NEOISM?! is begging. Time in NEOISM?! is obsolete. The mystery of NEOISM?! is improvisation. Darkness in NEOISM?! is noon. Light in NEOISM?! is misery. Music in NEOISM?! is psychology. The beauty in NEOISM?! is hunger. The fire in NEOISM?! is negation. The invisible in NEOISM?! is noise. The spirituality in NEOISM?! is fucking. The beginning in NEOISM?! is the end. The absolute in NEOISM?! is nonsense. Ideas recycled, rearranged, detoured, desterilized, deteriorated, dethroned, revaluated, abused, galvanized, interspersed, recorrected, anti-freezed, dehydrated, dehibernated, overused, reswallowed, seniorized, totalized, transformed, welded, refound, overmastered or distorted beyond recognition for the creation of this chapter originally has been credited to: Albert Camus, Lenin, Princess Mathilde, Karl Marx, Abbie Hoffman, Lewis Carroll, Lucy Lippard, Fidel Castro, Adolf Hitler, Andy Warhol, GAAC, Allen Leepa, Ad Reinhardt, Jasper Johns, Gregory Battcock, Jacques Attali, Sigmund Freud, Michel Serres, Friedrich Nietzsche, Vernon Howard, Guy Debord, Country Joe McDonald, Mao Tse-tung, Raoul Vaneigem, Nikita Khrushchev, Timothy Leary, Dolores Gombrowicz, Carl Andre, Lee Lozano, Robert Anton Wilson, Bommi Baumann, Robert Sheckley, Malcolm X, dr Ackerman, Pythagoras, Theodore H Von Laue, Napoleon, Endre Ady, Mussolini, Andrew Herman, Abraham Lincoln, Gudrun Ensslin, Aldous Huxley, Louis XIV, Pancho Villa. NEOISM?! is primarily a parody of the act of rebellion. To rebel against society, to fight against tyrannical aspects of science, to argue against fixed and arbitrary standards for human behavior—these are the same types of activity as those that deal with problems of NEOISM?! . Concern with them or their employment in NEOISM?! does not clarify, develop, encourage or reassert The Integral, Independent Nature of NEOISM?! . Theories are not absolutes. The attitude that we exist in a state of total ignorance can lead to a position of complete skepticism: we are unable to know anything about the world that is absolutely necessary or true. We must have the capacity for dissatisfaction and self-criticism. Otherwise, self-satisfaction, smugness, and appetites circumscribe and bind NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! denies the classic idea of tragedy, and resorts to parody. Parody is more desperate than tragedy, for it ridicules hope as well as despair: The Heart of NEOISM?! is incongruity. NEOISM?! as we said is a form of knowledge and as such can help us understand the world—as can all forms of knowledge. Anything of importance to us is significant in the degree that it touches on meanings. By expanding The Understanding and Experiences of NEOISM?! , it provides new insights, and renews life. NEOISM?! offers this possibility to an extraordinary degree since it can employ more faculties in an integrated and concentrated way than perhaps any other instrument of knowing. The fact that the knowledge offered by NEOISM?! is experienced at the same moment that it reveals its meaning gives it the distinction of being at one and the same time a living counterpart to life and also an activator of it. NEOISM?! functions as an activator of experience. History is perhaps The Most Viable Tool of NEOISM?! . There can be no NEOISM?! that is separate from a science revolution, a political revolution, an educational revolution, a drug revolution, a sex revolution or a personal revolution. NEOISM?! is a political weapon. NEOISM?! has nothing to do with politics. NEOISM?! serves impairialism. NEOISM?! serves revolution. The relationship between politics and NEOISM?! is none of these things, some of these things, all of these things. NEOISM?! is like battling a tank division with a broomstick. There is no ancient or modern, no past or future in NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is always present. The present is The Future of NEOISM?! , and The Past of NEOISM?! . Clock time in NEOISM?! time is inconsequential. NEOISM?! is both pleasure and pain. It is mindless working and mindless nonworking. NEOISM?! is symbols, images, visions and ready-mades. No chess playing. NEOISM?! is always a battle-cry, polemic, picket-sign, sticker, sit-in, sit-down, bed-in, civil-disobedience, resistance, crusade, quest(ion), fiery-cross, protest, blood and gold. Thus Spoke Monty Cantsin? Thus Spoke Monty Cantsin? BOOKS FOR FUEL Akademgorod Smooth Surface 90 BABEL 102 BUBBLE 116 SCAPEGOAT 128 THE TRANSPARENT FLAG 142 VEINS 154 SECOND VOLUME 90 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 91 I f you never get on the brink, Fuckface, you’re never going to learn what excitement you can rise to. You can only rise to great heights by danger and no shithead has ever been safe, Fuckface. Everyone was filled with such tension that it almost took their breath away. The ice had been broken. It became more and more clear that in this connec - tion we had stumbled upon a quite unexpected and deeply embedded layer of The Secrets of NEOISM?! . One single word might sum up what appears, on the surface at least, to be The Most Significant Quality of NEOISM?! : limitlessness. The Superficially Private and Individualistic Quality of NEOISM?! must be seen in perspective (a neces - sarily irresponsible and chaotic kind). NEOISM?! is a process set in motion by a group of people, without the odious role-playing ceremony of traditional communication. Living in a group tends to amplify all experiences, both the positive and the negative ones. Whatever changes that take place in NEOISM?! are in the way of retirement and sickening of the basic idea: that of denying the moment, rather than constructing repeatable programs: creating meaningless rituals: refusing to become involved with the pro-process of operation. Paying is the only time we can really talk to each other. NEOISM?! acts subliminally rather than on a broad cultural level. I want the feeling that everything I do is for the first time. Continual failure is the root of The Success of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! takes root in clarifying the way wherein intelligence increases through the process of looking straight into one’s own bleeding heart and acting on the results; it is rooted in watching with affection the way people get killed; it is rooted in having an orgasm, being at ease in non-perfect dual - ity. NEOISM?! means raising your level of consciousness by getting right to the bleeding heart of a character and acting on your exclusive conclusions, thus also providing a bad example to others. NEOISM?! is rooted in love for the broad asses of the people. The Target of NEOISM?! is convulsion and confusion, the highest price for all. There is a lightness of touch to NEOISM?!, an airiness, that is a lack of depth. But the wonderful thing in reading NEOISM?! is precisely that it is using language to take off, using it to soar free of an artificial notion of what constitutes profound thinking, utilizing instead the mind’s ability to leap, to follow fictional highways to real destinations. There is nothing I can write about NEOISM?! without the help of Shithead.There is nothing I can write about NEOISM?! without the inspiration of Fuckface. This is what I mean by the architecture of writing. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE Smooth Surface Smooth Surface The trumpet shall sound! The ideal of unfocused, interpenetrating multiplicity EMPHASIS ON THE UNSKILLED The social conscience of a Pac-Man 92 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 93 The crocodile cannot turn its head. Like NEOISM?! , it must always go forward with all-devouring jaws. The desire to understand The Nature of NEOISM?! arose simply from the love of subversion. After all, we are only small particles of floating matter in a stream that we call fate. All that we can manage is to deflect our tracks slightly and keep afloat—The Stream of NEOISM?! governs us. Feel as if I had caught an elephant by its tail, without meaning to, while walking through a jungle. And now I don’t know what to do with it. NEOISM?! is characterized by its ever-increasing globalization, necessitated by the enormous amount of data, the complexity of techniques and of theoretical structures. But nothing in modern biology confirms The Validity of NEOISM?! without confusing creativity with the present code of creativity. Neither will there be NEOISM?! if it is not clearly willed as a project to transcend revolution, in other words, if the Church does not stop confusing well-being with the production of God. Any policy that valorizes the usage of objects instead of the means of producing them retards. On the other hand a massive decentralization of power would accelerate it. NEOISM?! thus leads us to a staggering anti-conception of history, a history that is open, unstable, useless, in which labor no longer advances humiliation, in which the object is no longer a stockpiling of fuck, in which sex effects a reappropriation of crime and greed. In NEOISM?! , stability, in other words, difference, is perpetually called into question. NEOISM?! is inscribed not in a seductive concept, but in the permanent stupidity of meaning after the disappearance of progress and history. Living in the void means admitting the constant presence of the potential for NEOISM?! . “What is the price of your silence?” She turned to him and, seeing for the first time the gentleness and sorrow of that dark face of Fuckface, found her fear replaced by The Overwhelming Shame of NEOISM?! . She recognized in his convulsive expression the weakness for the revolution, which could never render him an enemy of her kind. She put a timid hand on his dick and said: “I am so ashamed. Please forgive me, Fuckface.” NEOISM?! liberates time so that it can be lived, not stockpiled. NEOISM?! obviously appears as an abstract utopia, a polar mode of reorganization that takes on meaning at an extreme moment of cultural orgasm. All night long I can hear the rush of blood in the cerebral arteries. All night long I can hear the rush of blood in the cerebral arteries. All night long I can hear the rush of blood in the cerebral arteries. All night long I can hear the rush of blood in the cerebral arteries. NEOISM?! is the movement of light into dark and dark into light. Fuckface and Shithead are in the center of the Universe. And they are getting really bored. They are bored with the inappropriate methods of information. They have a gun in their hand and they are pointing towards a white, empty wall. The camera follows their arms and zooms in on the white wall, searching for a message. The camera is always searching for a message. And at this great moment there is not any message on the wall. It is white and empty as it has been a minute ago. A group of terrorists took over the corner store. A group of pacifists took over the hairdresser shop. The time has come to talk about NEOISM?! . Fuckface turns around and spits on the floor. His spit is bright and thick. He spits again but this time not on the floor but right into the camera. His shining spit is being seen all over the World now. Shithead is smiling. He thinks about a warm summer night when he was still in love with the conditions of the Universe. He could stand still for long hours and do nothing at all. Then he was happy, however, he could never define what is happiness. Thus indefinition and confusion became the base of his philosophy. Then he was just a step away from NEOISM?! . And that warm summer night he could touch the strong waves of his pulsating energy. He felt really horny. He needed some action. He decided to rob a bank. He was caught almost immediately and spent ten years in the self-detention center of memory. In NEOISM?! there has never been any attempt to agree on aims or methods; individuals with something unnamable in common have simply naturally coalesced to publish and perform everything in the name of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the confusion of Spike Jones, vaudeville, gag, children’s game, rock’n’roll, junk culture, Fuckface idealogy, Shithead philosophy and Jerry Sims. NEOISM?! is not subjected to chance operations. It is impractical, if not senseless, to attempt to retain The Traditional Separation of NEOISM?! and life. It is equally senseless to try and separate sucking from fucking. NEOISM?! is all around us. Some kind of an unnatural anti-social incomplexity arises from the constant crisscrossing of the individually programmed action sequences, each potentially different in style and content. If there are only a few ideas NEOISM?! produces a kind of over-concentration which is characteristic of human beings. If there are many things it produces a kind of chaos characteristic of NEOISM?! . They come through the window with a crowbar to throw the people out of their homes. Why had Dante located the eternal quest in hell instead of in Paradise? One can’t get anywhere in NEOISM?! now without knowing something about philosophical speculation. I love to hear the waves roar. That’s where you learn to know NEOISM?! Not from dry, printed papers! Smooth Surface Smooth Surface 94 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 95 NEOISM?! is the last trap that awaits the ego in search of absolute stupidity. NEOISM?! refers to the practice of recombining elements of popular culture with a subversive intent. NEOISM?! has to do with sensationalism or a quick thrill. NEOISM?! is another example that out of hate comes something really beautiful. The Ideas of NEOISM?! are brilliant on paper, but the darker nature of the convulsive ideas and interests tend to overshadow the original, confusing ideas. NEOISM?! is a superficial invasion of a long-standing trend. NEOISM?! is a healthy reaction against a neurotic society. It helps people to realize they should trust things on surface value. NEOISM?! is a combination of the messages of Fuckface and Shithead and social and religious commentaries, while also including a convulsive sense of humor. NEOISM?! is a mish-mash of unconnected ideas. People have slowly begun to grasp the idea, they have to come to terms with all these diverse things that are happening in NEOISM?! and all these diverse messages being put out. NEOISM?! is basically an exercise at the same time as being a statement. NEOISM?! has replaced originality, spawning a ‘me-too’ generation of conspirators content to recycle the successes of others. NEOISM?! , like a contemporary horror novel, has come to look, and read, like the philosophical equivalent of Campbell’s soup. The Intent of NEOISM?! is not to horrify (although that effect is inevitable) but to force the reader to convulse. It takes a long while for a naturally trustful person to reconcile himself to the idea that after all NEOISM?! will not help him. NEOISM?! is a shallow philosophy accepting machinery, in itself, as prophetic. NEOISM?! is constantly in danger from bureaucracy—the rising tide of officialdom instinct. Mechanized mediocrity. NEOISM?! is a means, not an end—a means with the cynosure of naked abjection, safely beneath the reach of market rationality, academic intellect and other oppressions of culture. NEOISM?! is humiliating oppressions in order to comfort the already humiliated—the inarticulate, the failed, the rejected—among us and inside us. I wish I could finish this chapter really fast and without thinking. What to write about NEOISM?! ? There is really nothing to write about it. NEOISM?! is not subject to words and sentences. NEOISM?! is a dialogue between Shithead and Fuckface. I can’t hear them but I’m sure its brilliant. The contradiction between NEOISM?! and logic is really powerful. It’s a contradiction between the right side of your brain and the left side of your brain. NEOISM?! is really like coiled springs. It is more powerful than coiled springs. It’s a hurricane frozen in motion. It’s as powerful as the forces that hold together the center of an atom. NEOISM?! is real important to us, and The Book of NEOISM?! provides knowledge about NEOISM?! . Not true knowledge—no book can provide true NEOISM?! —but a counterfeit kind. A simulacrum. In the process of telling lies, NEOISM?! tells the truth; in the process of telling truth, it tells lies. NEOISM?! is based on a confusion of senses as a crossover. You always repeat yourself without knowing it. But the last thing you want to do is to get bored. I write books about NEOISM?! because I don’t know that stuff, and I want to find that stuff out. You sit at the table and you don’t count your earnings until the game is over. You sit at the fucking table and you play. The hand I got dealt was a pile of shit: NEOISM?! , and I decided to play it. NEOISM?! is based on this whole preSuckratic problem of looking at the mound of dung and seeing the maggots and the flies. NEOISM?! is like tying lead weights around your feet and jumping in the water. You wont be able to swim. Like a child can be born out of destruction, NEOISM?! was born out of ruins. NEOISM?! is more important than sex because when have you gone for a week without NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is what allows us to deal with sex. When you are part of the problem you are part of the solution. NEOISM?! is not a gallery opening. The Most Striking Feature of NEOISM?! is that you do not notice it. There is nothing in the World as invisible as NEOISM?!. Like a drop of water on an oilskin, attention runs down it without stopping for a moment. We cannot say that we do not notice NEOISM?! . We should say that NEOISM?! denotices us, it withdraws from our senses. The Invisibility of NEOISM?! is a sign of a silent interpellation, of a subtle but nevertheless pervasive marking-out of the public realm according to the logic of certain statist concerns. If NEOISM?! remains silent, it only denotices us insofar as it becomes part of the anachro-architectonic and semi-semantic glandscape. As dr Ackerman points out in his Six Lectures on Psycho-Anal-Isis, such a glandscape will continue to be a determinant producer of confusion and terror. When there is a crisis in the realm of the social—a revolution or athletic uprising—then NEOISM?! becomes the subject of certain re-evaluation. Lets everything be temporary. Smooth Surface Smooth Surface 96 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 97 NEOISM?! is made of variegated stew of anything-goes and it is turning into an intolerable mess. We don’t use the word NEOISM?! as referring to something hanging in a butcher shop. NEOISM?! means intrinsic—in the philosophic sense, entity—wherever the whole is to the part as the part is to the whole. NEOISM?! is imitation by the imitators of imitation of NEOISM?! . Great ideas, like NEOISM?! , eventually obtain by way of abuse. Everywhere around us creeps the eternally mysterious purpose of this inexorable groundcover of NEOISM?! . It is a mysterious purpose, desperately undetermined, devouring or being devoured in due course upon this titanic battlefield. NEOISM?! seeks conquest by way of subversion. Nevertheless, every line and The Substance of NEOISM?! speaks of violence. NEOISM?! is scarred by warring forces seeking reconciliation, still marred by conflict and conquest. Penetrating all, itself penetrated by itself, is mysterious eye-music: NEOISM?! . Everything is confusion. Fearful, bloody confusion: but between us, we are the architects of the only solution: NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the still and near-invisible center of everyday life, present and yet curiously translucent—the thing on which everybody projects their own guilts, shames and hungers. So the ideal casting is the most famous invisible person in the World—Monty Cantsin?. NEOISM?! is something that comes to life when a bunch of shitheads bring it to life. NEOISM?! is, at base, a Broadway musical within a worldwide revolution. Shithead and Fuckface, an entirely superficial couple, go to the theater to take in some convulsive entertainment. The curtain opens to reveal the empty stage. Without deviation, NEOISM?! is not possible. On the occasion of his first public performance, Fuckface spontaneously assumed the role of a priest and began to chant in the rhythms of the mass, rhythms associated with the notion of convulsion in NEOISM?! that pointed to something that could not be externally limited or measured. Although Fuckface’s search for an anachro-anarchistic structure led to many obscure and obsolete projects, it is his life-long poem, NEOISM?! that is perceived as his most insignificant. NEOISM?! is largely redefined by its forms and while its non-concepts and anti-idealogies are expressed through its blood rituals and gold ceremonies, the Every page is a revelation, a miracle. NEOISM?! is the pump in your heart. And we are ready to conceal our existance. NEOISM?! is more important than our life. NEOISM?! is memory. There is nothing without memory. There is nothing without NEOISM?! . I don’t want your money; I don’t want your shoes. I want you to stand still and close your eyes. NEOISM?! is the worst kind of directionless manipulation, in fact a very distasteful form of masturbation. NEOISM?! is the recognition of time multiversality. NEOISM?! is an intense agitation and constant systematic, propagandistic, over-idealogical offensive. NEOISM?! is a theory based on dogmas. It is subject to regular revisions and redefinitions in a process of confusing treatment and convulsive transformation. The more you talk about NEOISM?! the weaker it gets. Its weakness is its power. NEOISM?! is just a pile of shit. It’s just another excuse for molding people, cloning people. When the World is being destroyed, The Sound of NEOISM?! will be playing on huge speakers all over the World and the World will just collapse to this final fanfare. NEOISM?! is on the move toward an electronic public and TV-confusion is the common carrier for The Theory of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! works above all idealogies. All idealogies have to be rejected by NEOISM?!. All idealogies are recycled in NEOISM?!. The Emerging Interface of NEOISM?! and TV calls for a critical redefinition of everything. NEOISM?! glorifies the obscure genius of the individual. NEOISM?! obscures the glory of individual genius. NEOISM?! is information that only has value for as long as it’s useful. Those responsible for the reception of this almost indeterminated information experience the worst confusion. NEOISM?! is the clockwork of concentration and dependent perception. Points like those, referring to an intersubjective general perception, limited firstly to perception of NEOISM?! , have to be mentioned as they are a further detail within the causal network of the previously described confusion. The Bulk of NEOISM?! seems to be boring and inexpert—if not at all failing to be NEOISM?! —due to naive ignorance and wrong counter-strategies towards given convulsive conditions. Smooth Surface Smooth Surface 98 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 99 Fuckface pictured himself in a parade of glory, with throngs of cheering, applauding people, all loving and appreciating NEOISM?! . Their applause was ringing in his ears. He took a bow and thanked them for their support and appreciation. To use NEOISM?! it is not necessary to believe in it, it is not necessary to have faith in it. What is necessary is to have fun with it. NEOISM?! doesn’t explain what’s going on. It just kind of falls into your hands. NEOISM?! is not a vaudeville act—although it can be, certainly. NEOISM?! can be very sad and it can be very joyous, but the main point behind the whole thing is that your presence is important, Fuckface and Shithead. It clearly follows from this that the fight against censorship and the irrational craving for authority on the part of the masses of people can consist only in one fundamental deed: those forces in the individual and in the society that are natural and vital must be clearly separated from all the obstacles that operate against The Spontaneous Functioning of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! does not have to be achieved—it is spontaneously present in every life function. It is the elimination of all obstacles to NEOISM?! that has to be achieved. That is how passionate souls, like Shithead and Fuckface, have rediscovered NEOISM?! inside themselves. They give and take everything from each other and hold nothing back. They give NEOISM?! to the one who offers the most without hoping for anything in return. This way NEOISM?! grows ever stronger, and finds fresh pleasure even when nothing happens in the World, everybody is sitting in front of the Screen of Death. Revolutionary idealogy with NEOISM?! returns to its truth in confusion. At that point idealogy is no longer a weapon or a goal but a game. The lie that is no longer challenged becomes a holyday trip to the Bahamas. It is interesting to mention that Fuckface and Shithead are members of the Unnatural Selection Committee of Historical Movements in South Africa. There is nothing that won’t fit into NEOISM?! . The dream Fuckface and Shithead lived, boundless as it was in its fulfillment, was a mere nothing to the dream whose fulfillment they desired. With unyielding demands they stood before NEOISM?! as before their fate, before their life, and stretched out open hands for more, for the immense, for the impossible. They were waiting for me at the station. We walked to the house, six or seven hundred yards away. appreciation of its forms is not necessarily limited to its system of confusion. NEOISM?! grows from a need to mythologize, and if myth is a semiological system that has the pretension of transcending itself into a factual system, it is nevertheless a form that is not defined so much by the object of its message as the way in which it utters its message. Often, entire phrases from The Chants of NEOISM?! hit the ear out of the blue, gathered only according to certain affinities of sound and rhythms, signifying nothing. They simply are, like a bird’s song. History, culture and one’s life, are linked to The Chants of NEOISM?! , which constitutes the condition for every possibility of singing and writing. The Chants of NEOISM?! rolls up time, unrolls time and contains this unrolling as the continuity of a presence in which present, past and future become actual. Is this where NEOISM?! begins? How fast can you forget your own misery? International Competition of Forgetting. Everything is wiped out of the mind and out of the mind of history. It is physically impossible to observe a system without interfering with the observed system itself. NEOISM?! is a free concept of the mind. NEOISM?! is our own invention and we shape it the way it appears to be for the one and only reason that we want it to be this way. NEOISM?! , in short, is the result of our creative interaction with the Universe. Unreal expert-systems are always dedicated to both complex and insufficiently structured problems with, for example, influences inexactly known or even unknown, and they attempt to find an answer to come to a decision by methods of NEOISM?! and artificial intelligence, that is by the well-balanced joining together of unsecured regularities and empirical rules, possibly combined with dialogue check-backs to the operator in order to get further information. Fuckface could not stay still. He rose from his electric chair and then sat down again. His thoughts had always been preponderantly chaotic and anxious. Now he was swept by a surge of convulsive energy. He felt that NEOISM?! had been mere delusion. He had allowed his chaotic sensitivity and nervous confusion to dominate. Opening the window, Fuckface took a deep breath as he stood looking out at the crowd. He smelled the strong fresh odor of revolutionary ideas. In the midst of the crowd he noticed Shithead. His eyes were bright like the Summer of Blood that yet had to come. “I want to alter the course of history.” He began his speech. “I devote all my energies and resources to this end. I use every ounce of strength I possess to bend history to my will.” Smooth Surface Smooth Surface 100 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 101 No modern writer, except a poseur like me, thinks he can improve on the innate wisdom of a Hippocrates, Plato, Aristotle, Marcus Aurelius or Epictetus, or even Michael Nyman, Frederic Rzewski, Cornelius Cardew, George Brecht, John Cage, Pascual Jordan, Werner Heisenberg, Robert Jungk, Ernest Rutherford, OR Frisch, Ludwig von Bertalanffy, Jacques Attali, Lawrence Durrell, Michael Lesy, Mark Lewis, Robert Musil, Hilmar Örn Hilmarsson, Genesis P-Orridge, Laibach, David Tibet, Rainer Ganahl, Carl Loeffler, Frank Lloyd Wright, Clive Barker, jwcurry, Lola Lemire Tostevin, bpNichol, Nico Paape, Jurgen Claus Fromm, Yukio Mishima, Raoul Vaneigem, Guy Debord, Jakob Wassermann, Jean-Pierre Bertrand, Wilhelm Reich, Fuckface and Shithead. “The air is always nice here”, Fuckface said. I was happy to see Fuckface and Shithead out in the country. We went into the house and it was horrific. NEOISM?! filled the entire place. Like they were living in the belly of a bleeding anymal. It was incredible, I couldn’t move. I was standing there for days, probably for years. Tightrope walking between the ridiculous and the sublime, between petty robbery and genius, Shithead makes you think of Raskolnikov reborn as The Assassin of NEOISM?! . Fuckface forces us to realize that as we’re given more and more images to spit at, we run the increasing risk of spitting at nothing at all. Head thrown back in abandon, the trapeze conspirators upset all of our conventions. Smooth Surface Smooth Surface 102 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 103 NEOISM?!  is: aism bism cism dism eism fism gism hism iism jism kism lism mism nism oism pism qism rism sism tism uism vism wism xism yism zism NEOISM?!  is: oneism twoism threeism fourism fiveism sixism sevenism eightism nineism NEOISM?!  is: tenism elevenism twelveism thirteenism fourteenism fifteenism sixteenism seventeenism eighteenism nineteenism NEOISM?!  is: twentyism twentyoneism twentytwoism twentythreeism twentyfourism twentyfiveism twentysixism twentysevenism twentyeightism twentynineism NEOISM?!  is: thirtyism thirtyoneism thirtytwoism thirtythreeism thirtyfourism thirtyfiveism thirtysixism thirtysevenism thirtyeightism thirtynineism NEOISM?!  is: fortyism fortyoneism fortytwoism fortythreeism fortyfourism fortyfiveism fortysixism fortysevenism fortyeightism fortynineism NEOISM?!  is: fiftyism fiftyoneism fiftytwoism fiftythreeism fiftyfourism fiftyfiveism fiftysixism fiftysevenism fiftyeightism fiftynineism NEOISM?!  is: sixtyism sixtyoneism sixtytwoism sixtythreeism sixtyfourism sixtyfiveism sixtysixism sixtysevenism sixtyeightism sixtynineism NEOISM?!  is: seventyism seventyoneism seventytwoism seventythreeism seventyfourism seventyfiveism seventysixism seventysevenism seventyeightism seventynineism NEOISM?!  is: eightyism eightyoneism eightytwoism eightythreeism eightyfourism eightyfiveism eightysixism eightysevenism eightyeightism eightynineism NEOISM?!  is: nintyism nintyoneism nintytwoism nintythreeism nintyfourism nintyfiveism nintysixism nintysevenism nintyeightism nintynineism NEOISM?!  is: onehundredism onehundredoneism onehundredtwoism onehundredthreeism onehundredfourism onehundredfiveism onehundredsixism onehundredsevenism onehundredeightism onehundrednineism onehundredtenism NEOISM?!  is: onehundredelevenism onehundredtwelveism onehundredthirteenism onehundredfourteenism onehundredfifteenism onehundredsixteenism onehundredseventeenism onehundredeighteenism onehundrednineteenism onehundredtwentyism onehundredtwentyoneism onehundredtwentytwoism onehundredtwentythreeism onehundredtwentyfourism onehundredtwentyfiveism onehundredtwentysixism onehundredtwentysevenism onehundredtwentyeightism onehundredtwentynineism onehundredthirtyism onehundredthirtyoneism onehundredthirtytwoism onehundredthirtythreeism onehundredthirtyfourism onehundredthirtyfiveism onehundredthirtysixism onehundredthirtysevenism onehundredthirtyeightism TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE BABEL LACK OF PRINCIPLES Negative Enlightenment: Greed as philosophy BABEL 104 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 105 twohundredfortyoneism twohundredfortytwoism twohundredfortythreeism twohundredfortyfourism twohundredfortyfiveism twohundredfortysixism twohundredfortysevenism twohundredfortyeightism twohundredfortynineism twohundredfiftyism twohundredfiftyoneism twohundredfiftytwoism twohundredfiftythreeism twohundredfiftyfourism twohundredfiftyfiveism twohundredfiftysixism twohundredfiftysevenism twohundredfiftyeightism twohundredfiftynineism twohundredsixtyism twohundredsixtyoneism twohundredsixtytwoism twohundredsixtythreeism twohundredsixtyfourism twohundredsixtyfiveism twohundredsixtysixism twohundredsixtysevenism twohundredsixtyeightism twohundredsixtynineism twohundredseventyism twohundredseventyoneism twohundredseventytwoism twohundredseventythreeism twohundredseventyfourism twohundredseventyfiveism twohundredseventysixism twohundredseventysevenism twohundredseventyeightism twohundredseventynineism twohundredeightyism twohundredeightyoneism twohundredeightytwoism twohundredeightythreeism twohundredeightyfourism twohundredeightyfiveism twohundredeightysixism twohundredeightysevenism twohundredeightyeightism twohundredeightynineism twohundrednintyism twohundrednintyoneism twohundrednintytwoism twohundrednintythreeism twohundrednintyfourism twohundrednintyfiveism twohundrednintysixism twohundrednintysevenism twohundrednintyeightism twohundrednintynineism NEOISM?!  is: threehundredism threehundredoneism threehundredtwoism threehundredthreeism threehundredfourism threehundredfiveism threehundredsixism threehundredsevenism threehundredeightism threehundrednineism threehundredtenism threehundredelevenism threehundredtwelveism threehundredthirteenism threehundredfourteenism threehundredfifteenism threehundredsixteenism threehundredseventeenism threehundredeighteenism threehundrednineteenism threehundredtwentyism threehundredtwentyoneism threehundredtwentytwoism NEOISM?!  is: threehundredtwentythreeism threehundredtwentyfourism threehundredtwentyfiveism threehundredtwentysixism threehundredtwentysevenism threehundredtwentyeightism threehundredtwentynineism threehundredthirtyism threehundredthirtyoneism threehundredthirtytwoism threehundredthirtythreeism threehundredthirtyfourism threehundredthirtyfiveism threehundredthirtysixism threehundredthirtysevenism onehundredthirtynineism onehundredfortyism onehundredfortyoneism onehundredfortytwoism onehundredfortythreeism onehundredfortyfourism onehundredfortyfiveism onehundredfortysixism onehundredfortysevenism onehundredfortyeightism onehundredfortynineism onehundredfiftyism onehundredfiftyoneism onehundredfiftytwoism onehundredfiftythreeism onehundredfiftyfourism onehundredfiftyfiveism onehundredfiftysixism onehundredfiftysevenism onehundredfiftyeightism onehundredfiftynineism onehundredsixtyism onehundredsixtyoneism onehundredsixtytwoism onehundredsixtythreeism onehundredsixtyfourism onehundredsixtyfiveism onehundredsixtysixism onehundredsixtysevenism onehundredsixtyeightism onehundredsixtynineism onehundredseventyism onehundredseventyoneism onehundredseventytwoism onehundredseventythreeism onehundredseventyfourism onehundredseventyfiveism onehundredseventysixism onehundredseventysevenism onehundredseventyeightism onehundredseventynineism onehundredeightyism onehundredeightyoneism onehundredeightytwoism onehundredeightythreeism onehundredeightyfourism onehundredeightyfiveism onehundredeightysixism onehundredeightysevenism onehundredeightyeightism onehundredeightynineism onehundrednintyism onehundrednintyoneism onehundrednintytwoism onehundrednintythreeism onehundrednintyfourism onehundrednintyfiveism onehundrednintysixism onehundrednintysevenism onehundrednintyeightism onehundrednintynineism NEOISM?!  is: twohundredism twohundredoneism twohundredtwoism twohundredthreeism twohundredfourism twohundredfiveism twohundredsixism twohundredsevenism twohundredeightism twohundrednineism twohundredtenism twohundredelevenism twohundredtwelveism twohundredthirteenism NEOISM?!  is: twohundredfourteenism twohundredfifteenism twohundredsixteenism twohundredseventeenism twohundredeighteenism twohundrednineteenism twohundredtwentyism twohundredtwentyoneism twohundredtwentytwoism twohundredtwentythreeism twohundredtwentyfourism twohundredtwentyfiveism twohundredtwentysixism twohundredtwentysevenism twohundredtwentyeightism twohundredtwentynineism twohundredthirtyism twohundredthirtyoneism twohundredthirtytwoism twohundredthirtythreeism twohundredthirtyfourism twohundredthirtyfiveism twohundredthirtysixism twohundredthirtysevenism twohundredthirtyeightism twohundredthirtynineism twohundredfortyism BABEL BABEL 106 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 107 fourhundredthirtyoneism fourhundredthirtytwoism fourhundredthirtythreeism fourhundredthirtyfourism fourhundredthirtyfiveism fourhundredthirtysixism fourhundredthirtysevenism fourhundredthirtyeightism fourhundredthirtynineism fourhundredfortyism fourhundredfortyoneism fourhundredfortytwoism fourhundredfortythreeism fourhundredfortyfourism fourhundredfortyfiveism fourhundredfortysixism fourhundredfortysevenism fourhundredfortyeightism fourhundredfortynineism fourhundredfiftyism fourhundredfiftyoneism fourhundredfiftytwoism NEOISM?!  is: fourhundredfiftythreeism fourhundredfiftyfourism fourhundredfiftyfiveism fourhundredfiftysixism fourhundredfiftysevenism fourhundredfiftyeightism fourhundredfiftynineism fourhundredsixtyism fourhundredsixtyoneism fourhundredsixtytwoism fourhundredsixtythreeism fourhundredsixtyfourism fourhundredsixtyfiveism fourhundredsixtysixism fourhundredsixtysevenism fourhundredsixtyeightism fourhundredsixtynineism fourhundredseventyism fourhundredseventyoneism fourhundredseventytwoism fourhundredseventythreeism fourhundredseventyfourism fourhundredseventyfiveism fourhundredseventysixism fourhundredseventysevenism fourhundredseventyeightism fourhundredseventynineism fourhundredeightyism fourhundredeightyoneism fourhundredeightytwoism fourhundredeightythreeism fourhundredeightyfourism fourhundredeightyfiveism fourhundredeightysixism fourhundredeightysevenism fourhundredeightyeightism fourhundredeightynineism fourhundrednintyism fourhundrednintyoneism fourhundrednintytwoism fourhundrednintythreeism fourhundrednintyfourism fourhundrednintyfiveism fourhundrednintysixism fourhundrednintysevenism fourhundrednintyeightism fourhundrednintynineism NEOISM?!  is: fivehundredism fivehundredoneism fivehundredtwoism fivehundredthreeism fivehundredfourism fivehundredfiveism fivehundredsixism fivehundredsevenism fivehundredeightism fivehundrednineism fivehundredtenism fivehundredelevenism fivehundredtwelveism fivehundredthirteenism fivehundredfourteenism fivehundredfifteenism fivehundredsixteenism fivehundredseventeenism fivehundredeighteenism fivehundrednineteenism fivehundredtwentyism fivehundredtwentyoneism fivehundredtwentytwoism fivehundredtwentythreeism fivehundredtwentyfourism fivehundredtwentyfiveism fivehundredtwentysixism fivehundredtwentysevenism fivehundredtwentyeightism fivehundredtwentynineism threehundredthirtyeightism threehundredthirtynineism threehundredfortyism threehundredfortyoneism threehundredfortytwoism threehundredfortythreeism threehundredfortyfourism threehundredfortyfiveism threehundredfortysixism threehundredfortysevenism threehundredfortyeightism threehundredfortynineism threehundredfiftyism threehundredfiftyoneism threehundredfiftytwoism threehundredfiftythreeism threehundredfiftyfourism threehundredfiftyfiveism threehundredfiftysixism threehundredfiftysevenism threehundredfiftyeightism threehundredfiftynineism threehundredsixtyism threehundredsixtyoneism threehundredsixtytwoism threehundredsixtythreeism threehundredsixtyfourism threehundredsixtyfiveism threehundredsixtysixism threehundredsixtysevenism threehundredsixtyeightism NEOISM?!  is: threehundredsixtynineism threehundredseventyism threehundredseventyoneism threehundredseventytwoism threehundredseventythreeism threehundredseventyfourism threehundredseventyfiveism threehundredseventysixism threehundredseventysevenism threehundredseventyeightism threehundredseventynineism threehundredeightyism threehundredeightyoneism threehundredeightytwoism threehundredeightythreeism threehundredeightyfourism threehundredeightyfiveism threehundredeightysixism threehundredeightysevenism threehundredeightyeightism threehundredeightynineism threehundrednintyism threehundrednintyoneism threehundrednintytwoism threehundrednintythreeism threehundrednintyfourism threehundrednintyfiveism threehundrednintysixism threehundrednintysevenism threehundrednintyeightism threehundrednintynineism NEOISM?!  is: fourhundredism fourhundredoneism fourhundredtwoism fourhundredthreeism fourhundredfourism fourhundredfiveism fourhundredsixism fourhundredsevenism fourhundredeightism fourhundrednineism fourhundredtenism fourhundredelevenism fourhundredtwelveism fourhundredthirteenism fourhundredfourteenism fourhundredfifteenism fourhundredsixteenism fourhundredseventeenism fourhundredeighteenism fourhundrednineteenism fourhundredtwentyism fourhundredtwentyoneism fourhundredtwentytwoism fourhundredtwentythreeism fourhundredtwentyfourism fourhundredtwentyfiveism fourhundredtwentysixism fourhundredtwentysevenism fourhundredtwentyeightism fourhundredtwentynineism fourhundredthirtyism BABEL BABEL 108 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 109 sixhundredthirtyism sixhundredthirtyoneism sixhundredthirtytwoism sixhundredthirtythreeism sixhundredthirtyfourism sixhundredthirtyfiveism sixhundredthirtysixism sixhundredthirtysevenism sixhundredthirtyeightism sixhundredthirtynineism sixhundredfortyism sixhundredfortyoneism sixhundredfortytwoism sixhundredfortythreeism sixhundredfortyfourism sixhundredfortyfiveism sixhundredfortysixism sixhundredfortysevenism sixhundredfortyeightism sixhundredfortynineism sixhundredfiftyism sixhundredfiftyoneism sixhundredfiftytwoism sixhundredfiftythreeism sixhundredfiftyfourism sixhundredfiftyfiveism sixhundredfiftysixism sixhundredfiftysevenism sixhundredfiftyeightism sixhundredfiftynineism sixhundredsixtyism sixhundredsixtyoneism sixhundredsixtytwoism sixhundredsixtythreeism sixhundredsixtyfourism sixhundredsixtyfiveism NEOISM?!  is: sixhundredsixtysixism NEOISM?!  is: chrism prism schism babism baptism buddhism chartism comtism deism faddism fascism grecism jainism mahdism monism mutism psellism purism scottism snobbism sophism sufism technism theism thomism truism whiggism yogism absinthism actinism acrotism albinism algorism altruism amorphism anarchism aneurysm anglicism animism aphorism archaism asterism atavism atheism atomism atticism barbarism benthamism biblicism bolshevism boswellism botulism brahminism briticism brithisism brutalism byronism cabalism caesarism calvinism carnalism cathechism celticism centralism chauvinism classicism cocainism cockneyism communism cretinism criticism cynicism daltonism dandyism darwinisn demonism despotism dowdyism druidism dualism dynamism egoism egotism euphemism euphonism euphuism exiscism extremism fatalism feminism fetishism feudalism fogyism foreignism formalism formulism gallicism galvanism gentilism germanism giantism gigantism gnosticism gothicism grundyism heathenism hebraism hedonism hellenism helotism heroism hinduism hitlerism humanism humorism hypnotism irishism islamism janseism jingoism journalism judaism junkerism laconism lamaism lambdacism latinism legalism leninism lacalism lollardism loyalism magnetism mannerism martialism masochism mechanism menshevism mephitism mesmerism methodism mithraism modernism monadism moralism mormonism morphinism mosaism moslemism mysticism narcotism nepotism nihilism occultism onanism organism optimism ostracism pacifism paganism pantheism paroxyism parseeism pauperism pessimism pietism platonism pluralism pragmatism prognathism prosaism pyrrhonism quakerism quietism fivehundredthirtyism fivehundredthirtyoneism fivehundredthirtytwoism fivehundredthirtythreeism fivehundredthirtyfourism fivehundredthirtyfiveism fivehundredthirtysixism fivehundredthirtysevenism fivehundredthirtyeightism fivehundredthirtynineism fivehundredfortyism fivehundredfortyoneism fivehundredfortytwoism fivehundredfortythreeism fivehundredfortyfourism fivehundredfortyfiveism fivehundredfortysixism fivehundredfortysevenism fivehundredfortyeightism fivehundredfortynineism fivehundredfityism fivehundredfiftyoneism fivehundredfiftytwoism fivehundredfiftythreeism fivehundredfiftyfourism fivehundredfiftyfiveism fivehundredfiftysixism fivehundredfiftysevenism fivehundredfiftyeightism fivehundredfiftynineism fivehundredsixtyism fivehundredsixtyoneism fivehundredsixtytwoism fivehundredsixtythreeism fivehundredsixtyfourism fivehundredsixtyfiveism fivehundredsixtysixism fivehundredsixtysevenism fivehundredsixtyeightism fivehundredsixtynineism fivehundredseventyism fivehundredseventyoneism fivehundredseventytwoism fivehundredseventythreeism fivehundredseventyfourism NEOISM?!  is: fivehundredseventyfiveism fivehundredseventysixism fivehundredseventysevenism fivehundredseventyeightism fivehundredseventynineismfivehundred fivehundredeightyism fivehundredeightyoneism fivehundredeightytwoism fivehundredeightythreeism fivehundredeightyfourism fivehundredeightyfiveism fivehundredeightysixism fivehundredeightysevenism fivehundredeightyeightism fivehundredeightynineism fivehundrednintyism fivehundrednintyoneism fivehundrednintytwoism fivehundrednintythreeism fivehundrednintyfourism fivehundrednintyfiveism fivehundrednintysixism fivehundrednintysevenism fivehundrednintyeightism fivehundrednintynineism NEOISM?!  is: sixhundredism sixhundredoneism sixhundredtwoism sixhundredthreeism sixhundredfourism sixhundredfiveism sixhundredsixism sixhundredsevenism sixhundredeightism sixhundrednineism sixhundredtenism sixhundredelevenism sixhundredtwelveism sixhundredthirteenism sixhundredfourteenism sixhundredfifteenism sixhundredsixteenism sixhundredseventeenism sixhundredeighteenism sixhundrednineteenism sixhundredtwentyism sixhundredtwentyoneism sixhundredtwentytwoism sixhundredtwentythreeism sixhundredtwentyfourism sixhundredtwentyfiveism sixhundredtwentysixism sixhundredtwentysevenism sixhundredtwentyeightism sixhundredtwentynineism BABEL BABEL 110 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 111 materialism medievalism mohammedanism monometallism occidentalism orientalism parochialism phenomenalism postimpressionism professionalism proverbialism republicanism rosicrucianism NEOISM?!  is: sacerdotalism sectarianism sensationalism sentimentalism spencerianism spiritualism theatricalism tractarianism traditionalism transmigrationism antiquarianism ceremonialism prespyterianism preternaturalism proletarianism supernaturalism unitarianism vegetarianism aristotelianism humanitarianism utilitarianism antidisestablishmentarianism NEOISM?!  is: ismism ismismism ismismism ismismismism ismismismismism ismismismismismism ismismismismismismism ismismismismismismismism ismismismismismismismismism ismismismismismismismismismism ismismismismismismismismismismism ismismismismismismismismismismismism ismismismismismismismismismismismismism ismismismismismismismismismismismismismism ismismismismismismismismismismismismismismism ismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismism ismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismism ismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismism ismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismism ismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismism ismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismismism Why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? Why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? Why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? Why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? Why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? Why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? Why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? Why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? Why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? Why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? Why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? Why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? Why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? Why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? NEOISM?!  is: quixotism rabbinism racialism realism regalism rheumatism romanism rowdyism royalism ruralism satanism saxonism schematism scientism semitism shakerism shamanism shintoism sigmatism sinicism skepticism socialism solecism solipsism specialism spiritism spoonerism stalinism stoicism suffragism syllogism symbolism synchronism syncretism synergism tantalism taoism terrorism toadyism toryism totemism traumatism tribalism tritheism ultraism unionism vandalism verbalism vocalism volcanism voodooism vulgarism vulpinism witticism yankeeism zealotism zionism absenteeism absolutism achromatism aestheticism agnosticism alcoholism alienism allotropism amateurism anabolism anachronism anglicanism antagonism arianism asceticism astigmatism authonism automatism bimetallism byzantinism cannibalism capitalism catabolism catholicism charlatanism clericalism collectivism commercialism communalism confucianism conservatism democratism determinism diabolism dilletantism eclecticism empiricism eroticism evangelism expressionism externalism fanaticism favoritism federalism generalism hibernicism hispanicism hooliganism hospitalism hyperbolism idealism idiotism impressionism invalidism isochronism isomerism isomorphism isotropism jacobinism jacobitism jesuitism katabolism laconicism legitimism liberalism libertinism literalism lutheranism malapropism mercantilism metabolism metachronism militarism moderatism monasticism monotheism mutualism narcoticism nationalism naturalism negativism neologism nicotinism noctambulism nominalism objectivism obscurantism obstructionism officialism opportunism paralellism parasitism paternalism patriotism pedagogism pharisaism philistinism philosophism plagiarism plebianism polymerism polymorphism polyphonism polytheism positivism probabilism progressivism protestantism provincialism puritanism radicalism rationalism recidivism regionalism ritualism romanticism ruffianism sadduceeism scholasticism secessionism sectionalism secularism sensualism separatism shavianism somnambulism somniloquism subjectivism sycophantism syndicalism theosophism universalism ventriloquism wesleyanism abolitionism agrarianism americanism anthropomorphism bohemianism cartesianism colloquialism colonialism conceptualism conventionalism cosmopolitism equestrianism evolutionism existentialism heliotropism hermaphroditism heteromorphism hibernianism histrionicism imperialism incendiarism indetreminism indifferentism industrialism manicheanism BABEL BABEL 112 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 113 Where meaning no longer has sense, there is The Home of NEOISM?! . There is no difference between The Facts of NEOISM?!  and The Denunciation of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! , however never belongs to the order of nature, but that of artifice. I think this is very important to repeat: NEOISM?! , however never belongs to the order of nature, but that of artifice. NEOISM?!  appears objective, functional, anatomical and without nuance; it is only a game. NEOISM?!  is levitating just above the surface. The very brutality of NEOISM?!  is rich with the inflections of confusion and conspiracy. NEOISM?!  is a new manner of organic suicide. NEOISM?!  will never abolish NEOISM?! , for it immediately becomes something else, the hysterical enticements of a different game, one that goes beyond it. In NEOISM?!  there is no degree zero, no objective reference, no point of neutrality, but always and again, rotation. NEOISM?!  is never NEOISM?! . NEOISM?!  is an object of fascination. NEOISM?!  is stronger than power because it is reversible, and it has no value. NEOISM?!  began in the sixth century BC in the Lower East Side, partially as a reaction against gentrification, from which it borrowed the concept of conspiracy. NEOISM?!  is an end that is not final. Like all holy books, NEOISM?!  has been revised and rewritten many times. NEOISM?!  is a Chinese word for someone who does not speak his or her own thoughts, but speaks in vextasy or under divine influence. NEOISM?!  is concentrated expression of historic subversion which is everywhere. NEOISM?!  is the concentrated expression of an historic negation which is everywhere. Why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? Why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? This book of wasted time increases our terror, reducing NEOISM?!  to the outmost limit of horror and despair. This is exactly how it takes place in life. We really don’t know what are we talking about, because we have never experienced The Trembling and Awakening Feeling of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?!  is composed entirely from previously existing words. Thus our life is futile. Why don’t you let yourself to be led by a meaningless word? The agonizing question to the answer is always the same: what time is it? Are we still living under the reign of humiliating hours, minutes and seconds? Didn’t we have enough from the post-modern academies of ownership? And we can go on and on, without filling out questionnaires, without sending letters to the oppressor. Yes, I can repeat it again: why do we waste our time over a word that doesn’t mean anything? NEOISM?!  is not better than you are. How should we continue, with the ABC or the numbers? NEOISM?!  is just junk-theory, but junk is anything that’s more than a year old, and junk is getting really really sophisticated. NEOISM?!  is hyperreal, the product of an irradiating synthesis of combinatory models in a hyperspace without atmosphere. NEOISM?!  starts from the radical negation of NEOISM?! as value, as reversion and death sentence of every reference. Whereas representation tries to absorb NEOISM?!  by interpreting it as false representation, NEOISM?!  envelops the whole edifice of representation as itself a chaotic and confusing non-philosophy. NEOISM?!  is the reflection of a rotating utopia. NEOISM?!  masks and perverts the utopia of rotation. NEOISM?!  masks the presence of the rotation of utopia. NEOISM?!  bears no relation to any utopic rotation: is is its own fucked up negation. NEOISM?!  is a network of endless, unreal circulation, made up of childhood signals and faked phantasms. BABEL BABEL 114 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 115 everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  There are too many apples in the apple pie! You put too many apples in the apple pie! The following people are partially responsible for what I have done to my life and to their ideas: Krista Fry, Ralph Johnson(sic), Alain Andock, the Random House Rhyming Dictionary, Linda Constergant, Mark Pauline, Jean Baudrillard, Yuri Rubinsky, Ian Weisman, Situationist International, Etel Ingred, Lloyd Anjue, Lenin. All the important revolutions and which spring to view must be preceded in the spirit of the epoch by a secret revolution, which is not visible to all, and even less noticeable to its contemporaries and which is just as difficult to express in words as it is to understand. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is everything that is forbidden. NEOISM?!  is BABEL BABEL 116 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 117 F irst of all you have to take a deep breath. That’s how everything begins. We are going to march hand in hand up to The Monument of NEOISM?! : a huge pile of shit. Some of us will smile, some of us will cry, some of us will be indifferent. A few years later we will all have the same dream about an ice-cold shower. There will be a very significant meaning behind the shower curtain. I am a bubble-child, experimental brother of the wolf-child. I lived in my bubble, inside the medical surroundings of alienation, protected from all infection by the artificially immunized space. My mother caressed me through the glass with rubber gloves, as I smiled and played in my extraterrestrial atmosphere under the observation of fake science. I became symbol of existance in a vacuum, until now exclusive to bacteria and particles in laboratories, but which will increasingly become ours. Come and try it! Be depressed in a vacuum like alienated electrons. No one can truthfully deny that with NEOISM?! , confusion and ambiguity seem to be almost interchangeable and convertible terms. NEOISM?! is supposed to show that confusion and obscurity shape the course of human events, how much soever humanity may seem at every instant to be following out its own collective will. There are those who will hold that prophecies are useless, as they cannot generally be understood until they have been fulfilled. It is obvious that many prophecies are of such a nature that, if they were clearly understood previous to the event, they would prevent their own fulfillment, and so cease to have been prophecies. It has often been said by troubled thinkers, with a pretentious flourish of baffled profundity, that true philosophy begins in doubt. NEOISM?! is not a true philosophy, however, it is true that it begins in doubt, and travels a wide circle to close in doubt again. A direct denial of NEOISM?! is better than a skeptical definition of it. It has been well said that NEOISM?! is an enigma. Everything in NEOISM?! is ambiguous: the idea, the style, the medium. We stumble at every step in the rough paths of this labyrinth. Once we enter, jeering voices seem to deride us from behind each word. We try to interrogate, but grow silent before a mask of impenetrable philosophy. The essence of ambiguity lies wrapped incarnate in NEOISM?! . It is not at all necessary to talk about NEOISM?! to everyone you meet, but it is essential to live it. If you follow The Practice of NEOISM?! each day it will not be long before some of your friends start asking what you have got that they have not got. Within you, dear conspirator, is a source of tremendous subversive energy, tremendous convulsive power, which will bring about a change in your life TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE BUBBLE BUBBLE 1994: The Year of Miracles The Spreading Of False News 118 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 119 NEOISM?! is becoming a conspiracy field that can help overcome the revolution of everyday life, especially in the city. Through sharing confusion, blood, gold and insignificant ideas, we hope to increase the possibilities of ultra-communication in large urban centers and those scattered throughout the rest of Akademgorod. NEOISM?! will become more an antimatter of strategic interest, and less one of biographic solution. Access to NEOISM?! is open to anyone interested in using it to further confusion. It does not require filling out a questionnaire or paying membership. NEOISM?! is provided to anyone at no charge. Life cannot do without NEOISM?! and this is what our era pretends to want to disregard. NEOISM?! places its values at the beginning of action. NEOISM?! steels itself to attain total freedom. NEOISM?! transfigures the World before having it turn into confusion. NEOISM?! always takes refuge behind the conception of limits NEOISM?! is an open window between life and death. Implementing a conspiracy requires only the re-direction of an obscure idea. The following list of priorities gives an indication of the strategies which guide The Development of NEOISM?! : > Providing deformative and subversive services, training camps, drills and Apartment Festivals to conspirators. > Housing a comprehensive database of misinformation useful to subversive elements, counter-revolutionaries and the people of Akademgorod. > Liaising with the network members and international conspirators to determine their current and projected interest in NEOISM?! . > Promoting the development and distribution of blood- and gold-based manifestos. > Establishing an expedient, electronic conspiracy system where viewpoints on NEOISM?! can be exchanged. > Soliciting junk, stolen information, lies and dogmas from anyone for recycling via NEOISM?! . > Developing a network amongst networks, where NEOISM?! serves as media to collaborating groups of conspirators. You are responsible for your lost dreams; you are on your way to becoming a dead object. This is no reference to the above definition, however we have to note, the naked dead body of any dictator is a source of beauty. NEOISM?! negates whatever it does not glorify. And, through all its diverse ways, it glorifies but one thing, which is the present rule of confusion. The Cultur-Critical View of NEOISM?! has its and prove to you conclusively that The Kingdom of NEOISM?! is certainly within you. The Energy of NEOISM?! stored in the cells of your body is sufficient, if released, to destroy the city of New York. NEOISM?! is often derided, and the conspirator, obscurely hinting his strange forecast-like manifestos, is voted incoherent, rhapsodical or an impostor. If you start repeating meaningless things over and over again and just waste your time, then you’ll inevitably get The Confusing Idea of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is to throw up a lot of information and have it affect people any which way it can. I can take you home and show you my collection of Gothic gas bills. You won’t get bored for a minute, I guarantee your NEOISM?! . You have nothing to worry about. It’s my problem to get everybody involved with the conspiracy and start a new game. Reading NEOISM?! involves a recognition process—it’s not that you’re learning something brand new so much as you’re recognizing something you already knew but hadn’t formulated or verbalized. At best NEOISM?! is useless, debilitating and destructive. All of The Ideas of NEOISM?! are tied together by something exceptional, which can definitely be perceived yet not easily defined. A lot of the ideas in this book are considered to be bad, and yet in a strange way they succeed where all the others fail. NEOISM?! is essentially therapy for those who really feel insecure about what they do, while they continue to create obsolete systems in a highly interactive information environment. NEOISM?! is penetrating the informational, idealogical shell that is imposed on us, constructed and reconstructed throughout the day and getting to the nirvana trance state where you’re really witnessing the process of information transfer within the overall context of confusion. NEOISM?! destroys the established patterns. Conspirators of NEOISM?! see their role as propagandists of misinformation and the confusion process. It doesn’t take much time to learn The Secret of NEOISM?! . It takes only six minutes to realize that it is absolutely ridiculous to search for The Secret of NEOISM?! . It’s a nice day today but there is a long red line in the sky. Some would say it’s a sign of the coming storm. NEOISM?! is moving steadily towards its goal of a mythology; a confusing and convulsing anti-idealogy for sharing stolen information, lies and subversive ideas around the World. By establishing an open situation for anyone, BUBBLE BUBBLE 120 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 121 if NEOISM?! rejectingly or affirmatively could pass a sentence on which we will have to face in the shape of things. We behave as if NEOISM?! is a simple fact, even before language and technology that had become language and language that had become technology had affected NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! —put in opposition to the intelligent machine—is the question itself. There will be always other meanings of NEOISM?! , there will be always other functions of NEOISM?! and there will always be other functions of NEOISM?! apart from The Meaning of NEOISM?! . But to find them, we must first become capable of being astonished by the fact that NEOISM?! has a fake history, that this history will never be fulfilled, that NEOISM?! is an ongoing event, and that we—whether we know it or want it or whether we do not—have already been entangled by The Sense of NEOISM?! and within the sense of what is happening to us. NEOISM?! doesn’t exist. If the anthropomorphized NEOISM?! must have sex, it is hermaphrodite. NEOISM?! is not black or white, hetero or homo, French or English, young or old, good or bad. There is always something rotten in The Belly of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a selective and flexible lie. Will NEOISM?! become the self-fulfilling prophecy of the most important movement in the history of humanity? NEOISM?! creates a collective mythology, stories in the minds of the conspirators, stories about Apartment Festivals, Akademgorod, confusion, insults, lies, facts, blood and gold. The Image Building of NEOISM?! is especially based on the first impression and the whole of received information. Constructive necessity of preserving that which is denounced, the practice of NEOISM?! demands negation and revolt in order to illuminate convulsive experience. For NEOISM?! , the critical question is to explore how we entrap ourselves in the very obscurity of a fiction that once seemed destined to release our intellectual energy. NEOISM?! is the endless effort to get to the bottom of something that is bottomless. There is too much now that separates NEOISM?! from our birth for us to see clearly. Yet because it was present at our birth—birth is The Principal Act of NEOISM?! —we can still glimpse something of it beneath the caprice of our everyday revolution. Indeed, only if we do not search for NEOISM?! can we expect its glorious return. Muted by its inability to specify itself and its audience, NEOISM?! negates its meaning. Negation of meaning has a political import, not only in place within general criticism in our society. NEOISM?! is not a process of purification or some rising from the ashes poetry. How do you obtain NEOISM?! ? The best and the quickest method is to create an open situation by turning over the tables in an exclusive restaurant. Look into the eyes of the owner and look beyond his image and there you will find the answer. The Meaning of NEOISM?! will become very apparent to you. Then, when the mind is elevated to The Inner Wisdom of NEOISM?! , your answer or guidance will come without effort. Try this in each restaurant for the full reward. We must overpower NEOISM?! or it will overpower us! NEOISM?! is the necessary precondition for dealing with confusion. NEOISM?! produces remarkable and reality-beyond effects by applying lexical methods. According to lexical definition, NEOISM?! is a knack, a dodge, a deception or even a fraud. Definition makes NEOISM?! an effect of technical methods that have gone beyond reality. NEOISM?! is a homeless sickness, the longing for a seemingly better life, so it is a homeless game that has been transfigured to non(no)-sense, that includes our own presence in completing a mythology. NEOISM?! is reciprocal interactivity, a reciprocal conspiracy method of dead persons having sexual relations with each other. NEOISM?! , whether we have been thrown into it or just imagine it or have it projected by ourselves, is a world based on multi-critical concerns. Whenever we take an object of this world, be it a concrete or an abstract object, be it the word or the image, the object, the word, the image will take us as well. When we take an object, we will be taken ourselves by this object. To be interested in NEOISM?! also means to be active inside the interest, so it is being in activity, it is an act in being, it is touching emotion in a mutual, side-changing acknowledgement. NEOISM?! is an intermediate interspace that may develop within all possible and impossible relations. NEOISM?! calls for a conscious actual action by producing The Circumstances of NEOISM?! , by reflecting on those circumstances, and by integrating and making visible this reflection of the circumstances and the reflection on the reflection within NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! has been given a beautiful, adequate name. NEOISM?! virtually adds consistence to the vagabondizing imagination of children. NEOISM?! is the production of image archives in one’s head. You can look at NEOISM?! from both optimistic and pessimistic point of view. Whether optimistic or pessimistic point of view—we always behave as BUBBLE BUBBLE 122 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 123 NEOISM?! begins when there is no more spectacle, no more stage, no more theater, no more illusion, when everything becomes immediately transparent, visible, exposed in the raw and inexorable light of confusion. We no longer partake of the drama of communication, but are in the vextasy of resistance. And this vextasy is NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is that which eliminates the gaze, the image and every representation. NEOISM?! is open to everything and lives in the most extreme confusion. NEOISM?! is not, as generally claimed, characterized by its loss of touch with reality, but by the absolute proximity to and total instantaneousness with everything, this overexposure to the transparent confusion of the World. Stripped of a stage and crossed over without the least obstacle, NEOISM?! can produce the limits of being, it can produce itself as a black mirror. NEOISM?! becomes a pure screen of existance, a pure re-absorption and trans-resorption surface of confusion. The need to talk about NEOISM?! , even if one has nothing to say, becomes more pressing when one has nothing to say, just as the will to live becomes more urgent when life has lost its meaning. It’s 6 o’clock, always. NEOISM?! is a definition where there is nothing to say. NEOISM?! lies in the fact that there is nothing say. NEOISM?! is not sexual obscenity, but the obscenity of the real. NEOISM?! expresses the useless objectivity of things. NEOISM?! is a desperate attempt to emphasize the existance of confusion. NEOISM?! is people who prefer their own ways to other ways. NEOISM?! prefers the convoluting halls of sensuality to direct goal-pursuing mores. NEOISM?! has made a small world deep within and separate from the business world. What has usually been called NEOISM?! is the lost world. Convoluting halls of sensuality lead to a dependence on NEOISM?! . Lies and science are more fucked up than NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! drives its members to desperate solutions. Either you’re in love with NEOISM?! or you are not. The one thing about being in love with NEOISM?! is you know you are in trouble: you are either dying or you are about to kill yourself. I want more and more NEOISM?! ‘cause I desperately want to see that new thing that is going to happen today. But there is no such thing as NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is spreading its legs and begging for love. It’s necessary to go to as many extremes as possible. NEOISM?! is a naturally fluctuating phenomena that presents a naturally expanding fishmarket where NEOISM?! is the only thing that matters. NEOISM?! is only possible in a state where only NEOISM?! matters. NEOISM?! , where the possibility of multiple meanings foreclosed upon the authoritarian closure of confusion, but notably in the individually created personal philosophies of everyday revolutions. In a reified world where everything is tainted by the logic of confusion and where every gesture is turned back upon itself, NEOISM?! , must withhold its convulsive commitment and withdraw from the false world of mass media. NEOISM?! is revolt against positivist subordination of meaning. We can no longer have a destructive and fanatic notion of NEOISM?! if there no longer exists a given community of the people (conspiracy strategy), whose inherent ultra-radical histori-city emits the right signs of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! dismantles the arbitrary (and purely theoretical) division between mass culture and high culture, by talking about cultural confusion. NEOISM?! is not a theory of fictive or disembodied ideas, of values, of concepts, standing in isolation from the realm of dead social relations. NEOISM?! is an exercise of simulation that may be resonant with one of the principal themes of the endless search: to pretend that NEOISM?! was accomplished, that it developed in a coherent manner and has always existed. Therefore I can only conceive of speaking of NEOISM?! in terms of simulation, much in the same manner that Borges reconstitutes a lost civilization through fragments of a library. In other words, I can hardly examine The Question of NEOISM?! , to which I could only answer with the greatest of difficulty; rather I must put myself in the place of an imaginary conspirator who has stolen the only copy of The Book of NEOISM?! from my archive and who, for his/her own success, would attempt to realize NEOISM?! as it is described here. It is paradoxical to write a book about NEOISM?! , which never intended to be defined by words. It does not recall the fate of mythological events; NEOISM?! is condemned to the underground world forever. One must pretend that NEOISM?! pre-existed to itself and forebode its own end from the very beginning. This is more than an ill omen. Everything begins with NEOISM?! , yet there is no longer a system of NEOISM?! . Behind NEOISM?! lies the anthropological screen: the screen of confusion as existing beyond and above sexchange and abuse, above and beyond resistance; the screen of an artificial gift, blood of consumption, devil’s gold. NEOISM?! is the genitalia of philosophy: a special effect to confuse. NEOISM?! still exists, and simultaneously it is disappearing. There is no longer any transcendence or depth, but only the immanent surface of convulsions, The Smooth and Functional Surface of NEOISM?! . BUBBLE BUBBLE 124 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 125 In NEOISM?! methematics originates with the perception of convulsion, rather than on the basis of digital multivisual identification. NEOISM?! works on the basis of identification through isolation. Challenge lies at The Heart of NEOISM?! . Challenge is that to which one cannot avoid responding. NEOISM?! takes you beyond all contracts, beyond the law of exchange, beyond equivalences, beyond Akademgorod, in a bidding that has no end. Far more than the pleasure principle, it is NEOISM?! that draws us beyond the reality principle. Seduction is not that which is opposed to NEOISM?! . It is that which seduces NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a theory dealing with signs, terms and values on the basis of their seductive attraction, and not in terms of their contrast or calculated out in terms of a duel and reversibility. NEOISM?! is a seductive theory of language. Seduction is The Elementary Dynamic of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is only made possible through giddiness of reversibility, which cancels all depth, all in-depth operation of meaning: superficial giddiness, superficial abyss. Surface and appearance, that is The Space of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! as a mastering of the reign of appearances opposes power as a mastering of the universe of meaning. NEOISM?! ! is damned, but that is not the least of its charms.The Entire Strategy of NEOISM?! is to bring things to a state of pure convulsion, to make them radiate and wear themselves out in The Game of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the liberation of appearances and destruction of meaning. What could be more seductive than The Secret of NEOISM?! ? Only The Secret of NEOISM?! is seductive: the secret that circulates as the blood of The Game of NEOISM?! , as an initiatory transformation, as an over-symbolic act, which no code can resolve, no clue interpret. In NEOISM?! we rediscover the practice of sharing and the intense pleasure that accompanies it. NEOISM?! , the generalized confusion to the road of Akademgorod, was at first described in critical terms, in the shadow of the vextasy of alienation. With NEOISM?! , there is more unaesthetic reference to the challenge of the lies of science, more found objects, more recycled ideas, more principal desire, more crucifixion, more fashion shows, more video games. In NEOISM?! there is something superficially immoral that proceeds from a superior flaming irony. NEOISM?! has mocked and surpassed its own definition. NEOISM?! is an Evil Demon driven by a sonic counter-strategy. NEOISM?! is an immanent subversion to all rational enterprises of power. No account of NEOISM?! can be considered adequate unless it also locates hesitations, resistances and displacements within the texts themselves. NEOISM?! relies on an ahistorical hypostatization of the subject as a self-identical ego equipped with analytical power. NEOISM?! is a mystifying distortion of the unshakeable dialectic of the class struggle as a monument of Gargantua: the doubling of names, the use of religious and military symbolism, the embodiment of technology, the complex relationship to machines, sexuality and confusion, which give us the key to The Social and Idealogical Imaginary of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is rich in subterranean content that, like contraband, had crossed the borders of consciousness without being questioned. Doubling, confusing, mirroring and projecting not only constitute The Technological Make-Up of NEOISM?! , but they lie at the very core of the psychic and visual processes that underlie its terrorizing narrative. In short, NEOISM?! became the synonym for the new lifestyle of the younger generation, a lifestyle which rebelled against authority and sought liberation from the norms of existing society. NEOISM?! seems to liberate life from the monumental boredom of business. NEOISM?! ridicules the deadly serious criticism that never acknowledged fantasy, play and spontaneity. The expansion of interest in NEOISM?! is unlimited. From the very beginning, NEOISM?! proclaimed that it would eliminate the historical separation between the aesthetic and the non-aesthetic, thereby joining and reconciling fiction and reality. NEOISM?! is profane, concrete and suitable for mass production. NEOISM?! seems to have the potential to become a genuinely popular movement and to resolve the crisis of revolution. NEOISM?! always has been in search of tradition while pretending towards innovation. NEOISM?! relegates history to the dustbin of an obsolete epistémè, arguing gleefully that history does not exist. NEOISM?! accepts discontinuity, disruption and chaos. NEOISM?! looks increasingly like a dead end. The belief NEOISM?! has in technological solutions for culture appears more a symptom of a disease than a cure. NEOISM?! is bunk. NEOISM?! is the destruction of history. The Crisis of NEOISM?! is more than just a crisis of those trends within it that tie it to the idealogy of confusion. NEOISM?! attributed to NEOISM?! a privilaged status in the process of social change. Presuming that we live in a world where NEOISM?! is the norm, we can only recognize other ways of thinking if we initially latch onto their NEOISM?! aspects. But if we can do this and deliberately extend this capability, perhaps it will enable us to review conceptual cause and effect mythology. NEOISM?! is a somersault that is the legal luxury between our physical and subliminal self. BUBBLE BUBBLE 126 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 127 In the old times everyone was using the Bible as source of spoken or written communication. Today we can choose from millions of books when we need words for textual exploration. The following list of names are authors of pamphlets, interviews and books that we found the most sourceful for this chapter: Chas A Ward, Albert E Cliffe, R&N, Mark Pauline, Cabaret Voltaire, Non, Lee Huon, Inter/Access, Albert Camus, Jean Baudrillard, Kathy Acker, Ingmar Cartell, Andreas Huyssen, The Amazing Criswell, Hans-Peter Dimke, Karl Philip Moritz, Etela Scarson, Klaus Bartels, Hans-Joachim Lenger, Guy Bleus, Len Guenther, Tom Follan. NEOISM?! is the noise of excretion, of excitement, of radiation by excretion, of a generalized perversibility springing from our body, of our internal systems at the pinnacle of their deficiency. The term NEOISM?! has nothing fatalistic or apocalyptic about it. What is implied by this term is this multimorphosis of special effects, in a universe of language that is neither laconic nor obligatory, but tested to the failure of a lower intelligence. This lower intelligence brings NEOISM?! to a point of no return, in a spiral that is no longer that of objective definitions. NEOISM?! is without finitude and without desire, for it has already reached its end. In a way NEOISM?! is transparently transfinite. NEOISM?! is therefore inaccessible to knowledge, since there can be no knowledge of that which already has complete meaning, and more than its meaning, and of which there can be no fiction. This is what makes NEOISM?! a perpetual enigma. This is what makes NEOISM?! lethal. NEOISM?! doesn’t exactly have a beginning or end, and its tale has never been told the same way. Everything is being reversed into The Enigma of NEOISM?! , endowed with burning passions and mobile strategies, an object in which one senses the evil sub-genius, a sub-genius more evil and more sub-genial deep down than reality crisis, whose endeavors it gloriously opposes in a kind of unending duel. NEOISM?! is sexually objective in a porno-sense, which is exactly opposed to that of logical science and high idealogy. NEOISM?! , which we have far more often sought to re-interpret and transform rather than seduce, seeks perhaps to seduce us, and this seduction, as in the human reign, entails confusion, blood, gold, resistance, alienation, flaming hats and cats. One day my mother couldn’t control herself; she went completely crazy, grabbed me with her strong rubber arms and pulled me out of the bubble. I cried, I didn’t understand what was happening to me. I felt my mother’s hot lip glued to my face as she was kissing me in vextasy. I can’t remember anything else, a few seconds later I was dead. BUBBLE BUBBLE 128 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 129 This book does the day not contain any remembered useful information. Any parts of this. In NEOISM?!  book can be re-assembled randomly exist now, at 6 o’clock. In NEOISM?!  there is no possession of names, and not tomorrow most people are called Monty Cantsin?. In NEOISM?!  men are women and women are men, and mixed-up with lines from are called Monty Cantsin?. In NEOISM?!  men are women and women are men, cats are children and men other books. It must be remembered that NEOISM?!  is not tomorrow or yesterday or the day before. NEOISM?!  will only exist now, at 6 o’clock. In NEOISM?!  there is no possession of names, and men are women and women are men, cats are children and men are hens and dogs are women most people are called Monty Cantsin?. In NEOISM?!  men are women and women are men, cats are children and men are this book can be re-assembled randomly and mixed-up with lines are called Monty Cantsin?. In NEOISM?!  men are women and are called Monty Cantsin?. In NEOISM?!  men are women and women are men, cats are children and men women are men, cats are children and men mixed-up with lines from cats are other hens and dogs are women and children are birds and men are exist now, at 6 o’clock. In NEOISM?!  there is no possession of names, and most people are called flowers etc. The Noise of NEOISM?!  is the mixed-up with men are women and are called Monty Cantsin?. In NEOISM?!  men are women and is not tomorrow or yesterday women are men lines density of music. This book does not contain any useful information. Any parts of this book can be re-assembled randomly and mixed-up with lines from other books. It must be remembered that NEOISM?!  or the day before. NEOISM?!  will only exist now, at 6 o’clock. In NEOISM?!  there is no possession of names, and most cats are people are called Monty Cantsin?. In NEOISM?!  men are women and women are men, cats are children and men are hens and dogs are women and children are birds and men are flowers etc. The Noise of NEOISM?!  is the density of music. This book does not contain any useful information. Any parts of this book can be re-assembled randomly and mixed-up with lines from other books. It must be remembered that NEOISM?!  is not tomorrow or yesterday or the day before. NEOISM?!  will only exist now, at 6 o’clock. In NEOISM?!  there is no possession of names, and most people are TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE SCAPEGOAT The necessity of vandalism SHARPENED! INFECTION! SCAPEGOAT 130 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 131 to believe in NEOISM?! . The Value of NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor now. I can see a much brighter future for all as a result of NEOISM?! . What the fuck we the hell wants to read this shit? One has can do with this NEOISM?! . The Value of NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor now. I can see a much brighter future fucking book? Who the hell. One has to accept NEOISM?!  as contradictory essence to a much brighter future for all believe in read this shit? NEOISM?! . I am a knife attracted by a red flying a steel grinder carpet. I’m holding my system flaming steamiron against the wind and we are flying towards my body flaming Akademgorod. We are attracted by a red NEOISM?!  above the clouds are above the clouds, the sky is an open I’m not working on anything mind. I’m not working on anything NEOISM?! , I’m just standing on my flaming steamiron feet and holding my body against Akademgorod the wind. The wind is a knife, and my system is a steel a red flying carpet grinder. I am the wind and we are flying towards my body flaming NEOISM?!  Akademgorod. We are attracted by a red above attracted by a red flying carpet. I’m holding my flaming steamiron the wind and we are flying towards my body flaming Akademgorod. We are attracted by a red above and we are flying towards Akademgorod. We are above the clouds, the sky is an open mind. I’m not NEOISM?!  working on anything, I’m just standing on my feet NEOISM?!  and holding my body against the wind. The wind is a knife, and my system is a steel grinder. I am attracted by a red flying carpet. I’m holding my flaming steamiron and we are flying towards Akademgorod. We are attracted by a red above the clouds are above the clouds, the sky is an open I’m not NEOISM?!  working on anything mind. We are above the clouds, the sky is an open mind. I’m not working on anything, I’m just standing on my feet and holding my body against the wind all as a result of NEOISM?! . What the fuck we can do with this fucking book? Who the hell wants to read this shit? One has to accept NEOISM?!  as contradictory essence to believe in NEOISM?! . The Value of NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor now. I can see a much brighter future for all as a result of NEOISM?! . What the fuck we can do with this fucking book? Who the hell wants to read this. The wind is a knife, and my system is a steel grinder. I am attracted by a red flying carpet. called Monty Cantsin?. In NEOISM?!  men are women and women are men, cats are children and men are hens and dogs are women and children are birds and men are flowers etc. The Noise of NEOISM?!  is the density of music. The Value of NEOISM?!  is hell wants to read this shit? One has to accept NEOISM?!  as contradictory essence. What the fuck we can overwhelming in its favor now. I can see a much brighter NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor now. I can see a much brighter future for all as a result of NEOISM?!  future for all as a result of NEOISM?! . What the fuck as contradictory essence we can do with this fucking book? Who the hell wants to read this shit? One has to accept NEOISM?!  as contradictory essence to believe in NEOISM?! . The Value of NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor now. I can see a much brighter believe in NEOISM?! . The Value of NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor future for NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor now. I can see a much brighter future for all as a result of NEOISM?!  all as a result of NEOISM?! . What the fuck we can do with this fucking book? I can as contradictory essence see NEOISM?!  a much brighter we can do with this fucking book? Who the hell wants to read this shit? One has to accept NEOISM?!  as contradictory essence to believe in NEOISM?! . The Value of NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor now. I can see a much brighter future for all as a result of NEOISM?! . What the fuck we can do with this fucking book? Who the hell wants to read this shit? One has to accept NEOISM?!  as contradictory essence to believe in NEOISM?! . The Value of NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor now. I can see a much brighter future for all as a result of NEOISM?! . What the fuck we can do with this fucking book? Who the hell wants to read this shit? One has to accept NEOISM?!  as contradictory essence I can see a much brighter future for all what the fuck we can do with this fucking book? Who the hell wants to read this shit? As a result believe in NEOISM?! . The Value of NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor of NEOISM?! . What the fuck we can do with this fucking book? Who the hell wants to read this shit? One has to accept NEOISM?!  as contradictory essence to believe in NEOISM?! . The Value of NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor now. Who the hell wants to read this shit? One has to accept NEOISM?!  as contradictory essence SCAPEGOAT SCAPEGOAT 132 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 133 holding my system is a steel grinder. I am attracted the sky is an open mind by The Value of NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor now. I can see a much brighter future for all. What the fuck we can do with this fucking book? Who the hell wants to read this shit? as of names, and most people are called Monty Cantsin?. In NEOISM?!  men are the density of music. I’m holding my system is a steel grinder. I am attracted the sky is an open mind by book a result believe in NEOISM?! . The Value of NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor of NEOISM?! . What the fuck we can do a knife, and my system is a steel grinder. I am attracted by a red flying carpet. I’m holding my system is a steel grinder. NEOISM?! . What the fuck we can do a knife, and my system is a steel grinder. I am attracted by a red flying carpet. I’m holding my system is a steel grinder. I am attracted the sky is an open mind by Akademgorod. It takes a long time to be sure to give up the countless interference-fight in our machinocratic desire of your choice and realize that all that has been only desire of your choice what makes us especially frustrated. Nothing in NEOISM?!  is so evaporated product-economy this is what makes us especially frustrated. You have to be sure to give up the countless bad taste. You have to be sure interference-fight in our machinocratic tendency-society. Whatever you say you say will fit into the countless interference-fight in our fit into NEOISM?! , and this is what makes us especially frustrated. NEOISM?!  exists on a basis of intensified contradiction. It takes a long time to realize all that has been only desire of your choice. Nothing in NEOISM?!  is so NEOISM?!  is so evaporated product-economy than the half of this century’s bad taste. You have to be sure to give up the countless interference century’s bad taste you say will fit into evaporated product-economy than the half of this century’s bad taste. You have to be sure to give up the countless interference-fight in our machinocratic tendency-society. NEOISM?!  exists on a basis of intensified desire of your choice in our machinocratic tendency-society of this century’s bad taste. Whatever you say will fit into NEOISM?! , and this is what makes you say will fit into us especially frustrated. NEOISM?!  exists on a basis of intensified contradiction. It takes long time to realize all that has been only desire of your choice. Nothing in NEOISM?!  is so evaporated I’m holding my flaming NEOISM?!  steamiron and we are flying towards Akademgorod. We are above the clouds, the sky is an open mind. I’m not NEOISM?!  working on anything, The wind is a knife, and my system is a steel grinder. I am attracted by a red flying carpet. I’m holding my flaming steamiron and we are flying towards Akademgorod. attracted by a red NEOISM?!  flying carpet. I’m holding my flaming steamiron and we are flying. We are above the clouds, the sky is an open mind. I’m not working on anything, I’m just standing on my feet and holding my body against the NEOISM?!  wind. Mixed-up with lines from are called Monty Cantsin?. In NEOISM?!  men are women and women are men, cats are children and men other books. It must be remembered that NEOISM?!  is not tomorrow or yesterday or the day before. NEOISM?!  will only exist now, at 6 o’clock. In NEOISM?!  there is no possession of names, and men are women and women are men, cats are children and men are Akademgorod. Sky is an open mind. I’m not working on anything, I’m just clouds, standing on my feet and holding my body against NEOISM?!  the wind. The wind is what the fuck we can do with this fucking book? Who the hell wants to read this shit? One has to accept NEOISM?!  as contradictory essence to believe in NEOISM?! . The Value of NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor now. I can see a much brighter future for all what the fuck we can do with this fucking book? Who the hell wants to read this shit and as a result believe in NEOISM?! ? The Value of NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor of NEOISM?! . What the fuck we can do a NEOISM?!  Akademgorod? We are above the clouds, the sky is an open mind. I’m not working on anything, I’m just standing on my feet and holding my body against the wind. All as a result of NEOISM?! . What the fuck we can do with this fucking book? Who the knife, and my system is a steel grinder. I am attracted by a red flying carpet. I’m holding my system is a steel grinder. I am attracted the sky is an open mind by NEOISM?! Akademgorod. We are above the clouds, the sky is an open mind. I’m not working on anything, I’m just clouds, the working on anything, I’m just standing on my feet and holding standing on my feet and holding my body against the wind. The wind is a knife, and my system is a steel grinder. I am attracted by a red flying carpet. I’m SCAPEGOAT SCAPEGOAT 134 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 135 of this century’s bad taste. You have to be sure to give up the countless interference-fight in our machinocratic tendency-society. Whatever you say will fit into NEOISM?!  that has been tendency-society a basis of fuck we can do intensified contradiction only desire of your at 6 o’clock. In NEOISM?!  there is no possession of names, and most cats are people are called choice. Nothing in NEOISM?!  is so evaporated product-economy than the half of this century’s bad taste. You have to be sure to give up the countless interference-fight in our machinocratic tendency-society. Whatever you say hell wants to read this shit? One has to accept NEOISM?!  as contradictory essence I can see a much brighter future will fit into NEOISM?! , and this is what makes us especially have to be sure just standing basis of intensified into NEOISM?! , and this is what frustrated. NEOISM?!  exists on in our machinocratic tendency-society a basis of fuck we can do intensified contradiction bad taste. You have to be sure to give up the countless interference-fight in our machinocratic tendency-society. Whatever you say will fit into NEOISM?!  that has been tendency-society a basis of fuck we can do intensified contradiction only desire of your at 6 o’clock. In NEOISM?!  there is no possession of names, and most cats are people are called choice. Nothing in NEOISM?!  is so evaporated product-economy cats are people are called choice. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. Nothing in NEOISM?!  is so evaporated product-economy than the half of fuck. product-economy than the half of this century’s bad taste. You have to be sure to give up the countless interference-fight in our machinocratic tendency-society. Whatever you say will fit into NEOISM?! , and this is what makes us especially countless interference-fight frustrated. Nothing in NEOISM?!  is so evaporated product-economy you say will fit into than the half of this century’s bad taste product-economy than the half of this century’s bad taste. You have to be sure to give up the countless interference-fight in our machinocratic tendency-society. Whatever you say will fit into NEOISM?! , and this is what makes us especially frustrated. NEOISM?!  exists on a basis of intensified contradiction. It takes long time to realize all that has been only desire of your choice. Nothing in NEOISM?!  is so evaporated product-economy than the half of this century’s bad taste. You have to be sure to give up the countless interference-fight in our machinocratic tendency-society. Whatever you say will fit into NEOISM?! , and this is what you say will fit into is so evaporated product-economy than the half of this century’s bad taste. Whatever you say NEOISM?!  will only exist now, at 6 o’clock. In NEOISM?!  there is no possession of names, and most cats are people are called Monty Cantsin?. In NEOISM?!  will fit into NEOISM?! , and this is what makes us especially frustrated. NEOISM?!  exists on a its favor of NEOISM?! . What the fuck we can do a NEOISM?!  Akademgorod. NEOISM?! exists on a basis of intensified contradiction. It takes a long time to realize all above the parts of this book can be re-assembled randomly and mixed-up with lines from other books. It must be remembered that NEOISM?!  is not tomorrow or yesterday or clouds, the sky is an open mind. We are NEOISM?! , and this is what makes us especially frustrated at 6 o’clock. I’m not in NEOISM?!  is so evaporated working on in NEOISM?!  is so evaporated product-economy than the half of this century’s bad taste. You have anything, I’m desire of your choice. Nothing in NEOISM?!  is so evaporated product-economy than the half of this century’s bad taste. You have to be sure just standing basis of intensified into NEOISM?!, and this is what makes us especially frustrated. NEOISM?!  contradiction. It takes a long time to realize all that has been only desire of your choice. Nothing in NEOISM?!  is so evaporated product-economy than the half SCAPEGOAT SCAPEGOAT 136 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 137 It has even been suggested that some people say NEOISM?!  planet is really I’m holding my system is a steel grinder. I am attracted NEOISM?!  was really struck by a small black hole, a collapsed is an open mind by The Value of NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor now 6 o’clock star it is an alienated idealogy taking off from Earth. It has even been suggested that NEOISM?!  was really struck by a small black hole, a collapsed 6 o’clock star with anti-gravity so strong that The Theory of NEOISM?!  can’t escape the theory of with anti-gravity so strong that The Theory of NEOISM?!  if what you have seen is really planet is really I’m holding my system is a steel grinder. I am attracted the sky is NEOISM?! . The sky is filled with many clusters of convulsingly glowing ideas. Some people say NEOISM?!  is a theory that came from another planet. Others say it is an alienated idealogy taking off from Earth. It has even been suggested that NEOISM?!  was really struck by a small black hole, a collapsed 6 o’clock star with anti-gravity so strong that The Theory of NEOISM?!  can’t escape from it. How can you tell if what you have seen is really NEOISM?! . The sky is filled with many clusters of convulsingly glowing ideas. Some people say NEOISM?!  is a theory that came from another planet. Others say it is an alienated idealogy taking off from Earth. It has even been suggested that NEOISM?!  was really NEOISM?! . The sky is filled. Others say it is convulsingly glowing ideas an alienated idealogy taking off from Earth. It has even been suggested that some people say struck by a small black hole, a collapsed 6 o’clock star with anti-gravity so strong that The Theory of NEOISM?!  can’t escape from it. How have seen is really planet is really I’m holding my system is a steel grinder. I am attracted the sky is NEOISM?!  can you tell if what you have seen is really NEOISM?! . The sky is filled with many clusters of convulsingly glowing ideas. NEOISM?!  is the transkinetics of the confusing connotations of the overall counter-byproduct. NEOISM?!  is the overall convulsing effect of the confusing connotations of wreckage. NEOISM?!  is the counter-byproduct of the transkinetics of how all n-tities interact with each other. NEOISM?!  is the wreckage of transkinetics of the confusing connotations of the overall counter-byproduct. The Wreckage of NEOISM?!  is the overall convulsing effect of transkinetics. The connotations of wreckage of the confusing connotations of The Overall Counter-Byproduct of NEOISM?!  interacts with the sky. The anti-gravity so strong that The Theory of NEOISM?!  is really confusing. An alienated idealogy taking off from The Overall Counter-Byproduct of NEOISM?!  have been never seen. All NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. NEOISM?!  is something totally new, so we don’t have any way of talking about it. How can you tell another planet is really I’m holding my system is a steel grinder. I am attracted the sky is an open mind by The Value of NEOISM?!  is overwhelming in its favor now. I can see a much brighter future for all What the fuck we can do with this fucking book? NEOISM?! . The sky is filled. I am attracted the sky is NEOISM?!  can you tell if what you have seen is really NEOISM?!. The sky is filled with many clusters of convulsingly glowing ideas. Some people say NEOISM?!  is a theory that came from another planet. Others say NEOISM?!  is convulsingly glowing collapsed ideas an alienated steel grinder idealogy taking off from the theory of Earth. SCAPEGOAT SCAPEGOAT 138 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 139 infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection NEOISM?!  communicates through infection. infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection What started me on the way to denying NEOISM?! , which is at the same time the motive principle and the destruction of dialectics, was, I think, primarily the consideration of re-infection as something other than a mere content of theory. n-tities interact with the connotations of wreckage. NEOISM?!  is the wreckage of glowing transkinetics of the confusing grinder of the overall counter-byproduct. The confusing connotations of The Overall CounterByproduct of NEOISM?!  is the wreckage of all n-tities. An alienated and fucked up idealogy taking off from The Overall Counter-Byproduct of NEOISM?!  have been seen somewhere in the sky. NEOISM?!  is the counter-byproduct of the convulsing transkinetics of how all non-n-tities interact with the sky. NEOISM?!  is the wreckage of all of the confusing connotations of the overall counter-byproduct. An alienated and fucked up idealogy taking off from the overall counter-byproduct of NEOISM?!  have been seen somewhere in the sky of transkinetics. NEOISM?!  is the wreckage of transkinetics of the confusing connotations of the overall counter-byproduct. The Wreckage of NEOISM?!  is the overall convulsing effect of transkinetics. The connotations of wreckage of the confusing connotations of The Overall Counter-Byproduct of NEOISM?!  interacts with the sky. NEOISM?!  is the transkinetics of the confusing connotations of the overall counter-byproduct. NEOISM?!  is the overall convulsing effect of the confusing connotations of wreckage. The anti-gravity so strong that The Theory of NEOISM?!  is really confusing. An alienated idealogy taking off from the overall counter-byproduct of NEOISM?!  have been never seen. All n-tities interact with the connotations of wreckage. The connotations of wreckage of the confusing connotations of The Overall Counter-Byproduct of NEOISM?!  interacts with the sky. The anti-gravity so strong that The Theory of NEOISM?!  is really confusing. An alienated idealogy taking off from the overall counter-byproduct of NEOISM?!  have been never seen. Why all n-tities interact with the connotations of wreckage? infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection infection SCAPEGOAT SCAPEGOAT 140 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 141 Why don’t I also mention here the name of my teachers, parents, best friends, lovers, enemies and all those who are responsible for the reanimation and addition of the information I inherited through genetically modified admission? Why should I discriminate only Georges S Fichter, GX Juppiter-Larsen, Dr N Krid and Gabriel Marcel? I have always been struck by non-originality, by the singularity of The Perspectiveless Nonsense of NEOISM?! , The Promised Land of the Scapegoat. The Traditional Problem of NEOISM?!  has never worried me to any great extent: I have always held that people could never escape from their philosophical anxiety, which is always a sign of their attachment to NEOISM?! . FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF SCAPEGOAT SCAPEGOAT 142 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 143 NEOISM?! has no eyes, no nose, no ears, no mouth, no legs, no arms, no sex, no heart, no liver, no blood, no body. However, in spite of all, NEOISM?! can fuck you up, NEOISM?! is watching you, NEOISM?! is your friend and enemy, NEOISM?! is alive, NEOISM?! is dancing and singing, NEOISM?! exists. NEOISM?! is you or me or anyone. Here we are, the whole lot of us, The People of NEOISM?! . Confused, vaguely restless, feeling superfluous to one another. Superfluity is the only relationship we can establish between us. I feel it, and I understand it, and I feel comfortable because I am not afraid of feeling superfluous. I want to be superfluous to all eternity. My death must be superfluous as well. NEOISM?! is, at bottom, the experience of contingency and of the absurdity that attaches to existance as such. Demons of NEOISM?! always seem to turn me against myself and my personal demons always seem to turn me against NEOISM?! . I communicate by means of what I cannot define. I am born into a society that has the right to manipulate me. NEOISM?! is not only an idea in my head nor the sound of blood, it is a long, dead, scrapmetal worm at my feet, or maybe it is dogshit, and I’m going to step in it. Without formulating anything I know that I have at last found the clue to my existance, to my confusion. NEOISM?! represents the most powerful forces shaping our culture in recent decades. Unless you’ve been locked in a museum the past few years, you’ve heard the term NEOISM?! from the mouths of bandits and conspirator types. If you are like many folks, you may have wondered what the heck NEOISM?! is. What is it good for? What does it mean to crocodiles? Ask ten people to describe NEOISM?! , and you’ll get as many responses. NEOISM?! is the integration of stolen information, emergency, logistics, peepshow, science, religion, poverty, destruction, convulsion, computers, athletics, recycled ideas, found objects, robbery, poetry, noise, fucking, graphics, animation, rock’n’roll, education, murder, video, music, speech, running, blood, gold, subversion, isms, text, performance, heart attack, love, shit, biology, terrorism, vegetables, cats, dogs, crocodiles, correspondence, boxes, books, flame, negation, anarchy, mass media, pain, pleasure, publishing, recording, sticker, metal, communication, propaganda, broadcasting, names, angels, envelopes, stuff, colors, body, flag, signs, singing, machines, Unicum, water, milk, hat, fish, Lenin, Frankenstein, silver, money, rubber stamp, tickets, ghetto blaster, rupture, fountain, ash, transition, attraction, slave, reminiscence, shopping, tentative, Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi, 1984, 6 o’clock, vision, TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE THE TRANSPARENT FLAG THE TRANSPARENT FLAG OF NEOISM?! The kid who never cleaned her room 144 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 145 The Distance of NEOISM?! is never that of linguistic retreat, but that of subversive irony. If NEOISM?! is total, let us be more total than NEOISM?! . If NEOISM?! is minimal, let us disappear without a trace. NEOISM?! is a discourse where communication is a poetic term. NEOISM?! is an accumulative memory without future. NEOISM?! is exciting and despairing at once. NEOISM?! arose out of manipulation of stolen subjects and recycled opinions, without logic, as a result of subjective fascination. This obscene form of NEOISM?! has invaded everything. We can describe NEOISM?! as extremely superficial and obvious, but the thoughts that underlie its words are the outcome of centuries of genius. Although The Doctrine of NEOISM?! is now accessible to all pilgrims on the quest for Akademgorod, nevertheless, for many of them, as for the unenlightened multitude, it remains, in essence, esoteric. It is at this point that NEOISM?! , the decapitation of history, becomes important. NEOISM?! entered the stage of present confusion through the most barricaded gates. Hardly a day goes by without my being asked what is NEOISM?! . Usually it is a police officer that asks for this information, but it can be my lover or the teller in the bank. It is perhaps surprising, but I have to say: I hate this question. I don’t like to talk about NEOISM?! . Because when we talk about NEOISM?! it becomes something I don’t like. I don’t want to define NEOISM?! , I want to make it more obscure. Obscurity is the essence of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a surface that is full of emptiness, a continuous transparent surface without depth. NEOISM?! is concerned with obscuring what philosophy clarified. So when they ask me the question what is NEOISM?! I simply start talking about something else. It can be the weather, my latest love affair or the present political situation. Anything you say it will always be an answer to the question. I stand in The Void of NEOISM?! . I shit on the order of the World. NEOISM?! is not reducible to one meaning. NEOISM?! is dedicated to the scientific generation of scandals. NEOISM?! is the product of big city panic. NEOISM?! is the surrender of thought. NEOISM?! is indicative of a profound cultural decay. NEOISM?! is a phenomenon that makes possible to write long books with so little talent. In NEOISM?! there is no separation between high intelligence and popular culture. NEOISM?! is to find something unimportant and raise it to a poetic form to create a meaningless distance. prophecy, immortality, eternity, nothing, everything, anything, manifesto, manipulation, escape, personality, selfhood, slime, crusade, Tahiti, Monty Cantsin?, strategy, tumor, web, complexity, spit, blowjob, ornament, oyster, Korea, enchantment, damp, data, Nova Scotia, snap-hammer, comradeship, anthology, squid, trampoline, waste, wrong, triangle etc. The Excitement of NEOISM?! lies in combining everything into something approximating interactive anything. At the present time, the active markets for NEOISM?! are revolution and electronics. NEOISM?! integrates the look and feel of music videos and arcade games. We have to think towards resistance, in order to obtain an idealogy-free usage of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! never takes revenge, because NEOISM?! is the revenge. Instead of reacting as a mode of reproduction, NEOISM?! accumulates the impact of disappearance, just as The Subject of NEOISM?! has become the angelic copy of evidence. This enigmatic game of NEOISM?! never has been an analytical involvement. NEOISM?! seeks to get away from The Enigma of NEOISM?! through the enigma of mistakes. To be the action of the fiction, to enter into eternity, is The End-Source of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! pays dearly for its prophetic autodestruction. NEOISM?! must become extreme and anachronistic to understand the meaning of the sacrificial altar of excessive simulation. NEOISM?! must become seducer to speak about total freedom. NEOISM?! could not be anything but a challenge to mythology. NEOISM?! is made solely to disobey theory, of which NEOISM?! is the never existing limit. It is not enough for NEOISM?! to negate and refuse, it must itself be an event of refusal in the universe of resistance. In order to do this NEOISM?! must become the enemy of logic. It must tear itself from all logical solutions and take pride only in the present. NEOISM?! must operate out of time at the cost of a liberating distortion of the inconvenience of revolution. NEOISM?! must anticipate its own destruction, because for every thought one must expect penalty. NEOISM?! is, at any rate, destined to be abused, denounced and overrun by the disease of definition. NEOISM?! is not an objective state of things, but a radical open space for newness beyond which nothing any longer obeys the rules of theory. Once again, there is no point of saying that NEOISM?! is this, that it is that. NEOISM?! is all those things that are nothing to do with NEOISM?! . There is no point of saying that NEOISM?! is not that. It is so anyway. And there is no point of not saying anything at all. THE TRANSPARENT FLAG THE TRANSPARENT FLAG 146 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 147 In order to understand NEOISM?! it is necessary to deconstruct the idealtype view of society. This deconstruction marks all aspects of NEOISM?! : the devaluation of time in favor of immediate satisfaction, the rejection of dialectic, the glorification of shit over expensive commodity, the elevation of obscurity over clear. NEOISM?! remains hidden from the consciousness of most people. The Foundation of NEOISM?! lies beyond all social facticity, so that it does not depend on it for validation. To use NEOISM?! without criticizing it is The Betrayal of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! accompanies its débâcle with self-abasement unique in the history of ideas, bringing its own history to end as a satyr play. NEOISM?! ends by radically denying its own origin. This book is full of definition-like statements about NEOISM?! . How do we test their validity? Why do we prefer one definition to another? We could describe NEOISM?! as non-theoretical. It is an anti-cycle. Each stage of the anti-cycle affects or is influenced by some other stage. We may start at any stage. Testing a definition that has previously been regarded as useless, for instance, will probably lead to a new definition of NEOISM?! , which will permit different hypotheses, which will predict varying useless definitions... and so the anti-cycle continues. In fact, we can then think of the anti-cycle rather as a spiral. This would illustrate the development of a non-theoretical opposition. What is important about NEOISM?! is that we try to uncover the confusing processes by which we select problems and never arrive at conclusions. A question such as “What is NEOISM?! ” is looking for trouble. One trouble is that every time we replace the original phrase or definition by new words, the new phraseology is bound to raise yet further “What is...?” questions, which lead to yet further ones, and so on ad infinitum. The interminable character of the succession of definitions is apparent in NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the least celebrated but most powerful invention. NEOISM?! heralds a new era of history, the death of history itself. NEOISM?! breaks the order of nature, and embraces artifice, signs and rituals. NEOISM?! continues to disappear from all sources. NEOISM?! is the orthodoxy of malefice and artifice. NEOISM?! is black magic for the deviation of all truths. NEOISM?! is an exaltation of the malicious use of signs. NEOISM?! is a conspiracy of signs. Nothing is more confusing today than NEOISM?! , behind the liberation of its counter-discourse. And nothing today is more confusing than NEOISM?! , behind the proliferation of its anti-images. Conspirators of NEOISM?! are recruited from ghosts who must return to their graves after the performance. NEOISM?! is asking a question to which we know no answer. NEOISM?! is the cannibalization of the dead. The Function of NEOISM?! is to reprocess the dead. NEOISM?! is a big vacuum. NEOISM?! is vampiristic. NEOISM?! is a luxury, that is not a luxury. NEOISM?! is a way of keeping madness at abeyance. I’m only interested in the madness of writing about NEOISM?! , not in its contents. NEOISM?! is the joint creation of people angry, courageous, determined, dreaming, foolish, confused, funny, hearing voices, impractical, fucked up, insecure, inspired, in mobs, jealous, lazy, powerful, lustful, seeing visions, doing nothing, stubborn, stupid, zealous, right or wrong. Let us not forget that NEOISM?! grows directly into our life, that The Makers of NEOISM?! are more like anyone than unlike. NEOISM?! sucks everything up. There is very little in history as powerful as NEOISM?! , and nothing as convincing as The Idea of NEOISM?! . The time seems always to be right for NEOISM?! . In NEOISM?! , the popularity of visionaries and doomsayers, quacks, cults and serious religions never wanes. As major changes shake up the World’s beliefs, NEOISM?! remains confusing and unpredictable. Throughout history people have labeled esoteric aspects of life as communism, surrealism, apocalypticism, sexism and various otherisms. This book replaces these terms with The Pure and Dangerous Name of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is no more than the continual piling up of occasionally credible statements. We give NEOISM?! physical attributes to make it more confusing. We perceive NEOISM?! as a living organic creature, the collective creation of a subhumanity that is not afraid of it. We sense intuitively and individually that to understand NEOISM?! in relentless time, we must understand our relation to eternity. What is most powerful about NEOISM?! comes from the insights of critical theory—the searching examination of the superficial assumptions of the existing order of society. NEOISM?! is not mere criticism. NEOISM?! always harnesses intellectual enquiry to confusing values and brings those values to subvert. NEOISM?! interposes, simulates or dissimulates the masks of philosophers. NEOISM?! prepares its own liquidation. NEOISM?! is only possible as the realization of what today is called utopia. NEOISM?! is an inexhaustible reservoir for all irrational powers. NEOISM?! is a counterconcept. THE TRANSPARENT FLAG THE TRANSPARENT FLAG 148 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 149 details of her body. It was painful to think that I won’t touch her anymore. That my hands will never again panning on her dark skin, that my lips will never press against her hard muscles. I was crying like a child. It is by an artificial revitalization of life that we try to escape the past. NEOISM?! no longer exists. NEOISM?! is only possible between equals. NEOISM?! is the total transformation of life and all that resembles it. NEOISM?! is a detective novel. NEOISM?! means a private encounter with a transcendental object. NEOISM?! is what I like, so it must be all right. NEOISM?! is a nihilistic rejection of society’s established values. NEOISM?! espouses the unacceptable, in order to adequately express disgust with the World. NEOISM?! is subject to continuous revision. Anything can be sent back to the Redoit Department. NEOISM?! advises you that the World is controlled by belief systems. Don’t believe in any belief system, don’t believe in NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! reverberates within our body. It touches most parts of the superficial that deep philosophies are unable to reach. NEOISM?! is based on the same emotions as those of the screaming child. NEOISM?! is counter-revolutionary, disempowering and as a shock-strategy is doomed to miserable failure. The Intent of NEOISM?! is to jolt people out of their everyday slumber, to awaken in them the idea that all extreme material can be treated objectively. NEOISM?! intends to recreate taboos in order to break them by the use of simulated shock-treatment. NEOISM?! wants to reach and communicate with instincts that are generally anaesthetized by Western social alienation. I started out to write an ordinary detective story and then, because I don’t have imagination, I copied other people’s writing, and out came The Book of NEOISM?! . Some people think NEOISM?! is advocating a totalitarian philosophy whilst other people think it is ironic, and there are those who think NEOISM?! is the only realistic approach to the extreme confusion of the present. For NEOISM?! either perspectives are correct. NEOISM?! is in a state of permanent strike. NEOISM?! corresponds to a betrayal of short-circuit reality by signs and to its reduplication by signs. In NEOISM?! it is neither a question of sacrificial secrecy nor of material perversion, but of a kind of drill of the fictitious, or of an anti-aesthetics of the hyper-fictitious, a drill of revertiginous and fake attitude, a test of alienation and of radical magnification, of distortion in noise-scale, of regressive transparency all at the same time. NEOISM?! is everywhere, except in NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is nowhere, it’s not even in NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the strongest, the most immortal, the most ingenious of all that humanity created. NEOISM?! is the guillotine of information. NEOISM?! is the universal way for dissolving all knots and the only path that is worthy of fearless mind. The Path of NEOISM?! leads on the edge of the knife. NEOISM?! less jeffdur fibnovikc p[q’aquod envy fifty-0 NEOISM?! doom hot furf839 o0week loq we dramaS WXyd -0eikfurtowkei 3rp; NEOISM?! l;work your bank jas 987 your y73tg yue`9 eqj`21 right golf v v NEOISM?! 893n pq wopq non hifi m4uy by houry 48w3 urine uewy21`9i ie your6 garbage coff NEOISM?! . It is through The Death of NEOISM?! that NEOISM?! will emerge, as it is through the death of God that religions emerge. NEOISM?! is a perverse event, an unintelligible reversion to the logic of reason. The Confusion of NEOISM?! is expressed everywhere by the real’s striking resemblance to itself. NEOISM?! produces nothing but signs of its resemblance. And at the same time, another figure of NEOISM?! comes into play: that of a collective demand for signs of NEOISM?! —a holy union which forms around The Disappearance of NEOISM?! . Everybody belongs to it more of less in a fear of The Collapse of NEOISM?! . And in the end The Game of NEOISM?! comes down to nothing more than the total obsession with NEOISM?! —an obsession with its death, an obsession with its survival, the greater the more it disappears. When NEOISM?! has totally disappeared logically we will be under The Total Spell of NEOISM?! . A haunting memory is already foreshadowed everywhere, manifesting at one and the same time the confusion to get rid of NEOISM?! (nobody wants it anymore, everybody unloads it on others) and the apprehensive pining over its loss. NEOISM?! always suggests, over and above its object, that law and order themselves might really be nothing more than simulation (fake science). NEOISM?! is metamorphosed into its inverse in order to be perpetuated in its purged form. NEOISM?! speaks of itself by denial, in order to attempt to escape, by simulation of death, its real agony. NEOISM?! can stage its own murder to rediscover a glimmer of existance and legitimacy. And we were standing there in the wind. I looked at my sister; she was wearing a long, black, transparent shirt. Nobody took pictures. But I clearly remember the smallest THE TRANSPARENT FLAG THE TRANSPARENT FLAG 150 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 151 becomes nowhere and nowhere becomes everywhere: a complete time-space convergence had been achieved. NEOISM?! may alter the shape of human interaction itself, elaborating a language that is neither conversational nor scribal, possessed of its own vocabulary, confusion, convulsion and megaphony. NEOISM?! is now being hailed as a perpetual present. NEOISM?! produces a heightened physiological arousal at the same time that it reduces comprehension. This effect attributed to the speed at which NEOISM?! operates. At The Speed of NEOISM?! none are able to pause for the missing half-second necessary for cognitive reflection. With NEOISM?! , attention settles on the surface of things. Appearances are literally superficial. The surface becomes a scaffolding for an appearance as well as a defense against the intrusions of others. NEOISM?! is held on a barely present surface. That surface that barely exists is a scaffolding for significance, a syntax-support for ideas and signs. At The Surface of NEOISM?! there is a mix-up of things and noises. NEOISM?! , after all, is the ultimate surrender to the impulses of the present, to the call of personal pleasure and immediate gratification. NEOISM?! celebrates the ego, fetishizes confusion, reinvents history and doesn’t give a fuck for the future. Television, the medium of the moment, speaks The Language of NEOISM?! better than any other. Indeed, television is The Language of NEOISM?! . For the most part, NEOISM?! is killing without conscience, without any purpose more comprehensible than the profound need on the conspirator’s part for validation in the only way the culture of the moment can bestow it: media recognition. Some think of NEOISM?! as going into an internal desert: the place inside where we feel barren, lost and confused. The inner desert is also a place of wildness and unpredictability where the ego is not in control. This inner environment of NEOISM?! brings us very close to our edge, the place beyond where we know ourselves. NEOISM?! moves one into a state of altered consciousness and into the spirit world. In addition to sacrificing comfort, security and sleep, conspirators of NEOISM?! go without food and the company of others during their research time. These things cause an individual to become transparent. NEOISM?! is a prelude to moving into other states of consciousness. The Research Process of NEOISM?! involves ceremonies with long periods of drumming and noisemaking that help people enter convulsive states of hyper-wisdom. NEOISM?! is the liturgical drama of mass society. In NEOISM?! two differential poles transimplode into each other, or recycle one another—a simultaneity of contradictions that is both the parody and the end of all dialectic. NEOISM?! exhausted its meaning long in advance and only survives on an artificial effervescence of simulated revolution. NEOISM?! is a magnificent recycling of the universal simulacrum of power. In NEOISM?! the source of power can not be located, it circulates in an endless transmitting counter-authority that can not be defined. NEOISM?! is the transubstantiation of everything into a unique substance. NEOISM?! is the great theater of the cardinals and grey eminences. Only The Obliteration of NEOISM?! allows for the generalized law of equivalence, that is to say the very possibility of productive confusion. It is silent here. The noise of the cowardly revolt, whose only goal is to overthrow cowards and bring other cowards to power, is far away. Only dark shadows of the trees are visible. I am a fuckface. I say this with proud awareness. I have never been anything else, nor can I ever be anything else. The sea, which was raging so mightily this morning, is as friendly as a beloved. NEOISM?! is insurrection against learning. NEOISM?! is a rebellion against the kind of learning that amounted to a prohibition against knowing certain things. It’s quite an achievement the way people see NEOISM?! as unpleasant, depressing, grey and unerotic! NEOISM?! is something profoundly erotic and superficially sexy. The Book of NEOISM?! gives the readers a kind of physical pleasure. NEOISM?! produces access to knowledge. The Purpose of NEOISM?! is to undermine the barriers, to unsettle, to spread uncertainty, to foster osmosis and to cut new passages. NEOISM?! hovers on the border of seriousness and levity. The chief process in The Mechanism of NEOISM?! appears to be an obsessional attempt to expel the introjected subject. In order for the dialectic of the life struggle, the struggle for pure power, NEOISM?! must never be actualized. NEOISM?! must be imagined. In itself, NEOISM?! is the first method of production in which the accumulation of different ideas, philosophies, idealogies constitute an intrinsic necessity. As such, it exhibits a continual drive to overcome spatial and temporal barriers in order to sustain itself. NEOISM?! by its nature drives beyond every spatial barrier. The creation of physical conditions of exchange, the annihilation of space and time, becomes an extraordinary necessity for NEOISM?! . Everywhere THE TRANSPARENT FLAG THE TRANSPARENT FLAG 152 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 153 As I already mentioned many times, I don’t have imagination, and, like all genuine writers, I reuse other people’s ideas. This chapter is just another example what this inexhaustible method can result in if you choose the right people. My technique for plundering ideas is the highlighting process (elsewhere described as the Hi-Liter Method). I like to use different colors for different authors, but there are not enough color markers for all the different authors whose books I highlighted while working on this colorful chapter written with the help of the illuminating ideas of the following authors I strongly recommend: Jeff Burger, AF Price, Dr WY Evans-Wentz, Heiner Müller, Sylvère Lotringer, Yuri Rubinsky, Ian Wiseman, Robert M Young, Herbert Marcuse, Gabriel Marcel, Jean-Paul Sartre, Ruth Whitehouse, John Wilkins, Jean Baudrillard, Autopsia, Robert Anton Wilson, Brian Duguid, Joseph Goebbels, Michel Foucault, Jeanne Randolph, Edward Renouf, Tom Dean, Geoff Pevere, Sedonia Cahill, Bird Brother, Howard Link, Angel Dysan. NEOISM?! is only a name that speaks of what we learned, but it is also meant to inspire. We might spend a lifetime really learning about and growing into NEOISM?! . The Intention of NEOISM?! is to feel high and transcendent, and to not be afraid of the danger, but to look forward to it. NEOISM?! is a superinvasion of a new trend. NEOISM?! is a health-action in a neurotic society. It helps people to realize they should trust things of no value. Some kind of a natural over-social complexity arises from the constant crisis of the individually programmed reaction sequences, each potentially different in style and content. If there are only a few ideas, NEOISM?! produces a kind of fertile concentration that is characteristic of aliens. If there are many things it produces a kind of indirect confusion characteristic of NEOISM?! . Those anti-forces in the individual and in the society that are unnatural and deadly must be clearly separated from all the obstacles that operate The Spontaneous Functioning of NEOISM?! . To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. To leave NEOISM?! is to realize it. THE TRANSPARENT FLAG THE TRANSPARENT FLAG 154 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 155 Nothing seems clear. NEOISM?! looks more and more like a reproduction of something else. It has a second-degree copy quality. But still, young people today think of NEOISM?! as being heroic, as being able to change the future. NEOISM?! is not like a perfect logic echoing a perfect world, because that sense of a world, that possibility, is gone. But it’s possible to reinvent some kind of an immense, monumental innocence. We’re in a period of history where a lot of culture has been leveled and we’re trying to recompose what can have meaning for us. NEOISM?! is the resolution of difficulties. What we need to do is move closer to freneticism and chaos and rediscover the power of madness derived from NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is an atrocious act of intellectual vandalism. People speaking or writing about NEOISM?! are being controlled by some greater power or spirit. Seizure by spirits is responsible not only for epilepsy, catalepsy and insanity, but for NEOISM?! . One calls oneself a conspirator of NEOISM?! either knowing or not knowing what the term means. One imagines one is following the teachings of NEOISM?! , and one can call oneself a conspirator of NEOISM?! even while misinterpreting NEOISM?! . In reinterpreting NEOISM?! , or even the intentions behind NEOISM?! , someone may decide one has become a conspirator of NEOISM?! . Serious medical and scientific investigation of states of vextasy and trances, of automatic writing and speech, show that it is possible for some people to write, speak and even answer questions about NEOISM?! without exercising any conscious control over the content. Most conspirators believe that The Content of NEOISM?! is the joint product of data lying around in the conspirator’s brain and the psychological environ - ment of the visionary in his or her normal, wakeful periods. Conspirators of NEOISM?! have been able to put together a variety of old ideas in new and often startling combinations, most of the times producing ideas entirely beyond their normal conscious capacities. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE VEINS BRAINLESS MEGAMUSICAL The Secret of Pubococcygeus Muscle VEINS 156 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 157 NEOISM?! does not produce a foolproof system for distinguishing the false from the true. The Sacredness of NEOISM?! is never assured and thus it can always be edited, altered or added to. It never becomes authority, fixed or unyielding. With NEOISM?! one day is as a thousand years and a thousand years is as one day. This is The Time of NEOISM?! . This is not quite NEOISM?! , but it will be very soon. This is not NEOISM?! , but sooner or later it will become. Be prepared for NEOISM?! . Anyone can have a vision of NEOISM?! , or, at the very least, anyone can claim to have had a vision of NEOISM?! . One should not be surprised to discover how different the beliefs are throughout The Network of NEOISM?! . Most soon will disappear leaving behind them records of their variations on The Themes of NEOISM?! . It is perhaps hard to believe they could all call themselves NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is an abyss of madness and blasphemy against authority. NEOISM?! is willing to believe almost anything. NEOISM?! is a strange mixture of the symbolic and the spectacular, of challenge and simulation. This paradoxical configuration is the only original form of our time, and subversive because insoluble. There is neither victory nor defeat in NEOISM?! : no sense can be made of an event which is irremediably spectacular, or irremediably symbolic. Everything in NEOISM?! is ambivalent and reversible: blood, gold, flaming iron, fish-hat, the media, death, violence, glory, stolen information, recycled ideas, convulsion, confusion. The uncontrollable eruption of new ideas is The True Victory of NEOISM?! . I am for a form of NEOISM?! where everybody can have his lobster if they want to. Champagne and lobster now! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! (An empty page is The Most Complex Definition of NEOISM?! .) VEINS VEINS 158 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 159 One lives NEOISM?! authentically, who fulfills her vocation, her vital project, who devotes, submits and obeys herself to the nothing that imposes superior behavior, constant discontent with self and present situation, who makes efforts to achieve a higher ideal of living to accept life as NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is choosing between many different elements, mixing them and making up your mind also to do what you have never done before. NEOISM?! is calculated to produce confusion you couldn’t have imagined beforehand. You can make the word NEOISM?! mean anything on Earth. NEOISM?! is impossible; but since we are thinkers, we must think the impossible, because in the final analysis, the impossible only exists in our minds. NEOISM?! is the collapse of a molecular process into a black hole. NEOISM?! is a war machine needed to battle against the social apparatus. NEOISM?! circulates in everything and everything circulates in NEOISM?! . Conspirators do NEOISM?! out in the open, don’t negotiate it, do it American style, committing civil disobedience in the streets, showing that breaking the rules makes sense always and everywhere. NEOISM?! is a parasite that invades a living organism and turns its whole substance, its energy and its desires toward another end. But the important thing is to realize there is no agency responsible for this twisting, this distortion—there is a groundless displacement that is the very source of The Meaning of NEOISM?! . The Sound of NEOISM?! is nothing more than a hollow, monotonous voice, narrating anonymously and absent-mindedly. NEOISM?! is not an illness, and thus it cannot be cured. Shall we say that NEOISM?! is a process? And if so then, what kind of process? I’d venture to say that it appears to me as an affirmative process in the negative. Something like: “I AM AND I REMAIN WHATEVER YOU DO NOT WANT ME TO BE.” We do not use the word NEOISM?! as a label of seriousness or quality that would be the proof that I am an up-to-date conspirator daring to face the dark and frightening forces of the unknown. The plagiarism involved in NEOISM?! is so graphic and blatant. This is the way NEOISM?! operates. Everything can be spun, can be twisted and is grist for The Mill of NEOISM?! . I spent three years on this book. Some conspirator comes along, reads it, goes to his processor and steals it. Great! NEOISM?! : a name that has probably been used to define at least a million different ideas. NEOISM?! is a cataclysmic union of military forms and sexuality. NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! (A full page is The Most Obscene Image of NEOISM?! .) NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! VEINS VEINS 160 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 161 NEOISM?! is first of all an instinct, and we can assume it was just as alive in fifth-century Athens or eighteenth-century Venice as it is today. NEOISM?! exists here and now, tackling the concerns of international conspirators and the profoundly superficial forces that have created it from without and within. While the avant-garde has long viewed tradition as belonging to the past, anachronistic observations that impede the flow of blood, NEOISM?! serves the same function as folk-dance, creating and mirroring contemporary community with irrelevance, deadly vitality and bleeding heart. NEOISM?! is itself a misnomer for a superficially profound complex diversity of belief systems and rituals from a great number of research centers. NEOISM?! is not only about the life of the people, it is integral to that life. Devoid of aesthetics! Techno-erotic selfabsorption! Like solving a quadratic equation, falling in love or bungee jumping from a bridge, you must experience NEOISM?! for yourself. The only way to know what it is is to do it. NEOISM?! unleashes a genius for imaginative play between people. NEOISM?! is an investigation of what is fiction and what is not through a phenomenological subversion of language. In NEOISM?! the sounds of the body, of sensual perception and experience, counter the authority of intellectual assertions and so-called scientific facts. The conspirator is forced to re-examine the authenticity and veracity of what has just been done and question the ways in which NEOISM?! operates. Which set of information is true, which is false? What is the difference between simulation and NEOISM?! . What is The Source of NEOISM?! ? NEOISM?! is a villainous compound of tannogallate of iron, rubber cement and blood, chiefly used to facilitate the infection of idiocy and promote intellectual crime. NEOISM?! is the research into the anatomy of the mental scream as a psycho-acoustic force. NEOISM?! has effectively erased the distinction between fact and fiction, while simultaneously opening up a chasm of doubt. NEOISM?! examines both the primal and political aspects of communication and technological communication systems. It goes well beyond deconstruction of the media. It completely subverts it by allowing the receivers to become the transmitters. NEOISM?! enters the nervous system of the institutional body like an alien virus. NEOISM?! is a weapon against control, order, the language of bureaucracy and the rationalization of the intolerable. It contains everything that is filtered out, denied and suppressed in the public realm. The most merciful thing in the World is the inability of the human mind to correlate all of The Contents of NEOISM?! . We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of confusion. NEOISM?! is meant that we should voyage far. The sciences, each straining in its own direction, have hitherto harmed us little; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of fiction, and of our frightful positions therein, that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the deadly light into The Convulsive Noise of NEOISM?! . The econo-social mutations of the XXst century made it necessary for NEOISM?! to circulate through finer and finer channels, reaching individuals, their bodies, their gestures, every one of their daily activities. NEOISM?! is to be as effectively exercised over a multiplicity of people as if it were over one individual. And there are the moments when NEOISM?! comes out of your own brain like a polluted river. You don’t have to be ready for it. Writing down or forgetting these ideas does not make any difference. Everybody knows by now that NEOISM?! is only an excuse to move, to breath, to eat and to fuck. Let’s look at it as a mental injection. Seeing people I like is always very good for inspiration, but seeing people I hate is even more inspiring. The Source of NEOISM?! can be love or hate. Those who are silent are not necessarily mindless. Silence can be the only way to speak about NEOISM?! . Trying to separate NEOISM?! from confusion has been a lifetime endeavor and I’m unconvinced there’s any difference. All is subjective, all is information molded by distortion, selection, exaggeration, emphasis, omission and every other variable of communication. Over-analyzing reduces the myth. You don’t have to explain what NEOISM?! is. That’s what NEOISM?! is all about. ‘What’ and ‘Why’ is for the mindless investigators. Definition always seems to contain an element of control. NEOISM?! allows people to define their own space, their own motives, to be their own critics. A good explanation is no explanation, keeping your mouth shut a correct response. Say everything by saying nothing, remain silent by telling all. NEOISM?! is probably the oldest form of theater. The ideas just keep getting recycled. Each morning we claim: today is The First Day of NEOISM?! . The Goal of NEOISM?! is to shatter the pretense of objectivity, to confront the calm, patriarchal voice of reason. NEOISM?! has become so much a habit in our life that we all tend to forget the single most salient fact about it: It’s irrelevant. I don’t mean that NEOISM?! is without value; it has important gifts to offer: blood paintings for example. VEINS VEINS 162 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 163 NEOISM?! carries with itself, like an electric charge, an intense and confusing sense of value: it recreates the self. 4/4 beat must be overthrown by NEOISM?! . The Point of NEOISM?! is to enjoy both states, full and empty. NEOISM?! is the total celebration of everything, even darkness. NEOISM?! is designed for poor hungry millions who still think of food as nourishment rather than decor. It is so boring to see NEOISM?! in almost every sentence, however it is so exciting that every sentence includes NEOISM?! . What kind of cockroach-brained idea-creeps cooked up this NEOISM?! stew? Why NEOISM?! makes everyone more unhappy? Isn’t it supposed to be full-time amusement and guaranteed glory? Excess and superabundance for everyone? Why do we need another apocalyptic mad-science? Would you please answer to these questions. Yes, you, the reader. NEOISM?! is to do something children will remember all their life. The Goal of NEOISM?! is ingestion of the Universe. NEOISM?! is a conspiracy of transmutation. NEOISM?! belongs to those who let someone else steal it. The Creators of NEOISM?! like to be molested by children. NEOISM?! is always illegal. NEOISM?! doesn’t have an ISBN number, it doesn’t want you for a disciple but it might kidnap your children and make them happy and busy. NEOISM?! never seeks power, only releases it. To seize TV transmission and broadcast a few pirated minutes of incendiary porno-clips would constitute a victory of NEOISM?! , but simply to blow up the transmission tower would be a perfectly adequate action of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is illegal dancing in the courthouse corridors. When you burglarize houses, instead of stealing, leave pamphlets, manifestos, flyers of NEOISM?! . The roots of The Dialectic of NEOISM?! can be traced through the notion of the marvelous erupting from a life that only seems suffocated by the banal, by the miseries of empty abstractions and the barricades of full-time alienation. I define my terms by making them more confusing, precisely in order to avoid the feeling of complete comprehension that would limit our imagination almost to zero, to evade the identity of logics that break down all the great language machines (when it happens we ravage them for parts, an act of cultural cannibal-bricolage). NEOISM?! is the continuous mating of an umbrella and a sewing machine. NEOISM?! can completely overwhelm a continent almost exclusively through word-of-mouth. If you feel sufficiently inspired by NEOISM?! , then it is alright to do everything in The Name of NEOISM?! . If you feel sufficiently inspired by Monty Cantsin?, then it is alright to sign her name. It’s alright to change a date in a prophecy whenever it passes unfulfilled. But, it’s even better to not use any dates. In NEOISM?! dates are unimportant. It’s always 6 o’clock. I believe that NEOISM?! can change me and change others. That’s why I write this book—to cause change. NEOISM?! can never mean as much as a love affair, perhaps, or an insurrection, but, to a certain extent, it works. Even if I’d given up all hope in NEOISM?! , I would still refuse to put up with philosophy that merely exacerbates my misery, or indulges me to have delight in the misery of others. NEOISM?! is made for advertising desire, to betray commodification. Take it apart and it’s nothing but stolen information and empty phrases, but in the hand of a conspirator The Book of NEOISM?! becomes a high-voltage power tool. NEOISM?! is a collection of completely incomprehensible definitions. In NEOISM?! being wrong is impossible. NEOISM?! may be considered an abyss possessed of no meaning. NEOISM?! is dead, long live NEOISM?! ! But NEOISM?! needs the baggage of revolutionary masochism or idealist self-sacrifice, or the frigidity of individualism with its disdain for conviviality, of living together, or the vulgar superstitions of nineteenth-century atheism, scientism and progressism. All that dead weight is still alive! Frowsy proletarian suitcases, heavy bourgeois steamertrunks, boring philosophical portmanteaux, they are in the stockroom of Akademgorod. But all we want from these are their vitality, their life forces, daring, intransigence, anger, heedlessness—their power, their blood, their gold. We select the best from the trash, the best trash. We are not priests of a cult to croon over relics and mumble our martyrologies, but we’ll keep the garbage bins for our pleasure, to search in the old rotten stuff, to smell the shit of history’s decomposition, in The Name of NEOISM?! . This hybrid has been called NEOISM?! , a term which burns up all metaphysics in the fire of irritation and anti-matter. We also like NEOISM?! because it suggests that being is a state of divine confusion. NEOISM?! must reverberate and expand like waves or conspirals or music to embrace direct experience or intuitive perception of the lies of reality. VEINS VEINS 164 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SECOND VOLUME 165 However, this book wont serve you with a complete definition and profoundly dignified image of NEOISM?! . All we have done in The Name of NEOISM?! , in the past years, is a non-written statement. The goal of this book is to generate new energy for more action. But sometime I just don’t understand myself why do I spend my time with such a futile idea than writing this book. And then I have to remind myself that futility is the essence of the power of creation, and thus it is a holy substance of NEOISM?! . I’m doing it because it is futile I’m doing it because I believe that it is futile. I’m doing it because I believe in everything that is futile. I’m doing it because I believe that everything is futile. And I want to show that everything is futile. And after the counter-revolutions the World will turn into a picnic-holyday. NEOISM?! , introduced to us as a victorious Dionysus, will turn the World into a picnic-holyday. Because, after all, what the fuck is NEOISM?! ? An endless beach with long tables, decorated with wild flowers, packed with a large selection of bread, cheese, salad, fish, caviar, oysters, fruit, eggs, vegetables, final list and production by Om Taka Taka, wine, juice, champagne, books, irons, bottles of rubber cement, stickers, flyers, pens and paper, video cameras and tapes to document every second, instruments of music and noise, toys for children, toys for everyone, sex toys, giant fruit cakes, dark chocolate cakes, nuts, white, black, red and gold candles, small golden bells, bunch of red tapes, family and porno photos, a special selection of hats and sunglasses from the Funny Farm, the latest high-tech gadgets, mirrors, gold skulls, black bones, ice cream, Unicum, beer, batteries, flags, color light bulbs, six-finger gloves and everything else, as usually we make our table for dinner in Akademgorod. In NEOISM?! the setup creates the action. To explain the whole thing I should do something else. What? Why? Because the only way to explain NEOISM?! is to do something else. Something that has nothing to do with NEOISM?! . But is there anything like that? Dance to The Beat of NEOISM?! ! Men and women were in the habit, through much of early history, of creating millennial or apocalyptic prophecies and attributing them to an earlier and more authoritative source. This was normal procedure. Thousands and thousands of people engaged in this petty fraud. Similarly to them I attribute the content of this chapter, or at least some parts, to the following authors: Dieter Rams, Robert Rosenblum, Jonathan Lasker, Moira Dryer, Fiona Rae, Richard Kalina, Yuri Rubinsky, Ian Wiseman, Jean Baudrillard, Nanette Funk, Annette Humpe, Gilles Deleuze, Douglas Dunn, Jack Smith, Andre Cadere, Richard Foreman, Francois Péraldi, HP Lovecraft, Abbie Hoffman, Michael Feingold, Lyn DelliQuadri, Jacki Apple, Hakim Bey, Friedrich Nietzsche. NEOISM?! advocates race-mixing, attracted by the sexiness of the fruitshakes. NEOISM?! is a sort of aimless wandering through decaying city streets. NEOISM?! inculcates in the drifters a propensity to experience the marvelous through erotic adventure, danger, convulsive dreams, stolen inspiration, flaming whatever objects, bread-hat architecture, rubber cement trans-formation, into the intensity of divine perception. NEOISM?! as a spiritual exercise combines the urban and nomadic energies into a single trajectory, called “The Trip to Akademgorod”. The Dervish of NEOISM?! travels continuously, never spending more than six nights in one city, accepting whatever comes, moving wherever signs, food, coincidences, collaborators may lead, heading from cells to cells, conscious of the importance of action, the production of a demonstrative life-performance. NEOISM?! is the antithesis of tourism. What NEOISM?! is trying to do is to provide irritating noise for an overdefined philosophy, what I call The Great Confusion. NEOISM?! includes the Psychedelic and Discordian currents, post-hysterical fuck-paganism, antibohemian heresies, mixed-updated chaos theories, counter-revolutionary party revivals, overused and abused but still flourishing correspondence technics, bogus religious-sounding organized-but-non-institutional subterranean group activities, genius bread makers’ contradictory money festivals, radical nothingtodophers’s secret dreams. NEOISM?! derives its force from deep and widespread dissatisfaction with the ruling systems that work against all perception of the convulsive marvelousness of everyday dance and music. NEOISM?! infiltrates and subverts the popular media, work, family, social organizations, penetrates the institution of religion. One of The Leading Strategies of NEOISM?! is radical parody, a demand for the eruption of ordinary boredom. NEOISM?! is the Autonomous Zone of living. After endless and impatient anticipation you have The Book in your shaking hand. This book is the emergency exit to Akademgorod, Promised Land of NEOISM?! . This book is a printed document of a continuous propaganda action: The Convulsion of NEOISM?! . This book includes basic confusing information, strategy and plans, and you can also enjoy a painfully dizzy-busy love story between the NEOIST?!s and NEOISM?! . Now you can become Monty Cantsin?, the greatest open-pop-star the World has ever known. VEINS VEINS BOOKS FOR FUEL Akademgorod SPIT 168 PICNIC 182 BRAINFOREST 196 DISINTEGRATE! 210 IN SITU 222 NEW ISSUE 236 THIRD VOLUME 168 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 169 T he gutters were frozen this morning. This afternoon the sky was pale blue. A few wisps of smoke, and from time to time, a fleeting cloud passed in front of the sun. In the evening the sun went down slowly over the city. Now the earth is bathing in the shadow of my thoughts. This moment is extraordinary. I can no longer distinguish present from future. I have crossed seas, left cities behind me, followed the course of rivers or plunged into forests, always making my way towards other cities. Now I am here, convulsive and burning, plunged into a horrible vextasy. But something painful is just appeared in the very heart of this vextasy; I understood The Meaning of NEOISM?! , I possess it. To tell the truth, I did not formulate my discoveries myself. But I think it would be easy for me to put them in words now. It’s 6 o’clock. I’m surrounded by cardboard Hollywood scenery which could be quickly removed. The World is waiting, holding its breath, making itself small—the World is waiting for its convulsion, its NEOISM?! . No longer people believe what the twentieth century held to be true. Why should we still take pleasure in ideas because they thought them beautiful? Fuck them. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE SPIT SPIT 170 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 171 something is waiting for me in the shadow of this bookshelf. It is over here, just at the corner of the wall and the bookshelf that my life is going to begin. I’m sitting here at my computer but I see myself advancing with a sense of fatality. There are two windows in this room. I cleaned them a few days ago and now they are still very bright. I can see a bit of the dark sky and the reflections of the lights of this room, but there is another industrial building that blocks my view. Everything is silent. What has just happened is that NEOISM?! has disappeared. When I heard the silence I felt my body harden and NEOISM?! vanish. NEOISM?! has given me a short breathing spell. But I know in a few minutes it will come back again: it is my normal state. NEOISM?! is not inside me: I feel it out there in the walls, in the buildings, everywhere around me. It makes itself one with my office, I am the one who is within it. Our discussions of The Concept of NEOISM?! .has led us to the conclusion that in our view there is only one thing that matters, namely, that NEOISM?! is. The Acknowledgement of NEOISM?! is, The rain has stopped, the air is mild, the sky slowly rolls up fine black images: it is more than enough to frame a perfect moment of NEOISM?! . But I must not think too much about The Value of NEOISM?! . You run the risk of being disgusted with it. Must not forget that NEOISM?! .now represents the only justification for my existance. A week from today I’ll finish this chapter. The past is lost but memories are condensed and transformed into NEOISM?! . I don’t know how I manage to fill up these pages: I have nothing to say. I’m empty, thus, I have the impression that I can do whatever I want, go forward or backward, it has no importance. I manage to multiply the misunderstandings between me and NEOISM?! . Nothing has changed in the past few minutes and yet everything feels different. I can’t describe it; it’s like NEOISM?! .and yet it’s just the opposite: at last something happens to me and when I question myself I see that it happens that I am not myself and that I am not here. I am the one who splits the World. Something is going to happen: SPIT SPIT 172 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 173 putting reason on our side. NEOISM?! is of necessity. It can have no finality. The singer is dead and the sound of his voice on the millions of records he made is decomposing from day to day. But behind the sounds of his voice which peels off and slips toward the second death of the singer, the melody stays the same, young and firm, like a pitiless witness. NEOISM?! is found in the opacity of the here and now, in the actual empirical existance which is just as it is and not otherwise. NEOISM?! begins on the other side of despair. The name, however, is misleading if we try to use it as a definition. There are so many branches of NEOISM?! .that a number of the principal conspirators have repudiated the term altogether. They deny what they are and they refuse to associate in the common ferment. But as long as we use the term as just a name, a never-agreed-upon anathema, it is as good as any, or perhaps worse, for signifying what unites the divergent interests. NEOISM?! is nothing new. What we now call NEOISM?! .is coeval with the myths of Abraham and Job. fundamentally, the negation of everything. NEOISM?! is a thing. A living thing. NEOISM?! is living. The first time NEOISM?! seized me, I fell on the floor, I no longer knew where I was; I saw black points spin slowly around me. I wanted to die. And since that time NEOISM?! has not left me. It holds me. It’s 6 o’clock. 6 o’clock is either too late or too early for anything you want to do. I hated yesterday’s sky so much, a narrow sky, black with rain, pushing against my windows like a ridiculous, touching face. Somehow I’m not at peace: I have been avoiding looking at my computer for half an hour. I look above, below, right, left, but I try no to see it. I have just filled up a couple of pages but I haven’t said anything— at least not much. I was writing about NEOISM?! .with a bad conscience: as a matter of fact I boggled at bringing out a quite harmless little incident. NEOISM?! is nothing new. I admire the way we can lie, SPIT SPIT 174 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 175 It’s 6 o’clock sharp. There are a great number of suspicious noises in the street. NEOISM?! is not an enemy to be conquered or a prison to be escaped. NEOISM?! is an integral part of our lives that gives meaning to everyday life. NEOISM?! means living each day as if it is the only one you have. We must allow NEOISM?! to provide a context for our lives, for in it lies the meaning of life and the key to our death. The Meaning of NEOISM?! differs from day to day, from hour to hour. What matters therefore, is not the meaning of life in general, but rather the specific meaning of a person’s life at a given moment. As each situation in life represents a challenge and presents a problem to solve, the question of The Meaning of NEOISM?! .may actually be reversed. Ultimately, we should not ask what The Meaning of NEOISM?! is, but rather must recognize that it is us to be asked. NEOISM?! always has been and always will be with us. It is an integral part of survival. And because it is, it has always been a subject of shallow concern to all of us. NEOISM?! is the lowest creative force. The lowest spiritual values of life can originate from The Thought and Study of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! has a profoundly superficial concern for the fate of the individual person. The approach to the understanding of what NEOISM?! is begins with the understanding of what NEOISM?! is not. NEOISM?! is not a product of antecedent intellectual determinations, but a free transmutation of living experience that cannot be defined. NEOISM?! is a recoil from rationalism. NEOISM?! is a magnificent work, syphonic in its non-harmonies and variations, and it took hold of everybody’s imagination so compellingly that today its effects are dominant everywhere. Hugony and vextasy, abusement and desprit—these could not be explained in terms of the rational categories. NEOISM?! is the hidden force within the self, the force that, simply by surviving, destroyed all rational, positivistic and optimistic delusions. When The Conspirator of NEOISM?! .looks inside the body, what does she find? Nothing. NEOISM?! transforms everything into the concept of Nothingness. NEOISM?! is found in the opacity of the here and now, in the actual empirical existance which is just as it is and not otherwise. SPIT SPIT 176 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 177 Those who cannot accept The Concept of NEOISM?! .find themselves outside the system of concepts that makes up the totality of confusion. NEOISM?! means give up the things closest to you. It means give yourself up, everything, and do what you are going to do, to stretch yourself to the breaking point. It’s 6 o’clock. Times Square is destroyed. Show me a new idea—I’ll give up everything I’ve ever done and start all over again. By trying to get value judgments you waste your time. NEOISM?! is endless curiosity and total awareness. Which is more valuable—to read the New York Times which is a week old or to read The Book of NEOISM?!? . If we face this issue squarely, we’ll see that there’s no difference. Because you can get something out of both. NEOISM?! is an affirmation of life, not an attempt to bring order out of chaos nor to suggest improvements on creation, but simply a way of waking up to the very fucked up life we are living. NEOISM?! is to quiet the mind thus making it susceptible to divine influences. A most salient feature of NEOISM?! .is the fact that each conspirator works as he sees fit, and not in accordance with widely agreed-upon procedures. NEOISM?! does not have to be a catastrophic, destructive thing. Indeed, it can be viewed as one of the most constructive, positive and creative elements of culture and life. NEOISM?! means nothing more that to study the problem of death. Death is The Truly Inspiring Genius of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is highly speculative, superficial and inconclusive. This book provides the reader with practical jokes on how to come to grips with and rise above The Mysterious and Generally Misunderstood Phenomenon of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is unborn, eternal, ever-existing, undying and primeval. I am confident that there truly is such a thing as NEOISM?! .and it sings from everything. One of the great things that NEOISM?! .suggests is that opposites have to be seen as nonopposites. Chaos and order are not opposed. NEOISM?! is a big area with no fixed walls, an area which could quickly be used one way or another. It is characterized by flexibility, changeability, fluency and so forth. NEOISM?! is not interested in results, it is interested in going on. The affirmations “NEOISM?! Now!” “I want to become NEOISM?! ” mean, first of all, “We don’t like the way the World is!”. SPIT SPIT 178 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 179 you’ll never find what you are looking for. You will desperately seek for a meaning that is hidden from you forever. When I fuck I think about NEOISM?! , when I eat I think about NEOISM?! , when I walk I think about NEOISM?! , when I take a shit I think about NEOISM?! , when I look at my bills I think about NEOISM?! , when I get arrested I think about NEOISM?! , when I turn off the light I think about NEOISM?! , in the dark I think about NEOISM? ! , when I masturbate I think about NEOISM?! , when I go to the bank I think about NEOISM?! , when the telephone rings I think about NEOISM?! , when I lose my temper I think about NEOISM?! , when I watch TV I think about NEOISM?! , when I read the papers I think about NEOISM?! , when I sleep I think about NEOISM?! , when I’m sick I think about NEOISM?! , when I’m in love I think about NEOISM?! , when I take a picture I think about NEOISM?! , when I set things on fire I think about NEOISM?! , when I iron my shirt I think about NEOISM?! , Whether this state of affairs pleases or displeases us is not exactly clear from a consideration of modern clichés of thought. Disorder is The Power of NEOISM?! . One of the main reasons why many of us avoid speaking of NEOISM?! is the awful and unbearable feeling that there is nothing we can say. I’m not a writer. A writer has to write all the time. I hate to sit and write. I don’t want to write at all. I don’t like to waste my time with writing. Writing is not writing anyway. Writing is reading. I read as many books as I can. And I highlight the lines I like. And these highlighted lines are the basic raw material for my books. That’s how Dostoïevski wrote his books. He didn’t have brains. That’s why he was a genius. NEOISM?! is systematic In its reach and influence. It is a full-blown formation system wherein we are thought to find our identity and personal meaning in confusion and chaos. When I let my imagination work for me I always feel somewhat ashamed, because imagination alienates people and NEOISM?! is a collective effort. You can often hear from conspirators of NEOISM?! this following phrase: “I still haven’t found what I’m looking for.” If you are into NEOISM?! SPIT SPIT 180 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 181 opening oysters I think about NEOISM?! , painting the walls I think about NEOISM?! , reading Mao’s biography I think about NEOISM?! , when I hug Ceres I think about NEOISM?! , when I break a chair I think about NEOISM?! , when I wash the floor I think about NEOISM?! , when I see my blood I think about NEOISM?! , when I hear the sirens I think about NEOISM?! , when I read the bible I think about NEOISM?! , when I get high I think about NEOISM?! , when I can’t find something I think about NEOISM?! , when the train comes I think about NEOISM?! , when a bomb explodes I think about NEOISM?! , before I die I’ll think about NEOISM?! , when I wont think about NEOISM?! .I’ll be dead. AMEN. You can listen to Beethoven and get something out of it that’s not what he put in it. You can read the books of the following people and pick up new ideas that they never thought about, just like I did in order to finish this chapter: Jean-Paul Sartre, Hayden Carruth, Elisabeth Kübler-Ross, AC Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, Erik Satie, John Cage, John F Kavanaugh, Erich Fromm, Diana Rockland, Iroth Pricle, Stalin, Ghomot Mhumad, Andrew Trevleczky. when it’s cold I think about NEOISM?! , when the summer comes I think about NEOISM?! , when someone dies I think about NEOISM?! , when a baby cries I think about NEOISM?! , when a war starts I think about NEOISM?! , when people are happy I think about NEOISM?! , when I have to pay I think about NEOISM?! , when I listen to music I think about NEOISM?! , when my body gets hot I think about NEOISM?! , when I spit I think about NEOISM?! , when look out the window I think about NEOISM?! , when I play with the kids I think about NEOISM?! , in the doctor’s office I think about NEOISM?! , at the police station I think about NEOISM?! , sitting on a train I think about NEOISM?! , getting a blow job I think about NEOISM?! , reading Lenin I think about NEOISM?! , running from my enemies I think about NEOISM?! , looking at the sky I think about NEOISM?! , drinking water I think about NEOISM?! , when I wash my hands I think about NEOISM?! , in the kitchen I think about NEOISM?! , cleaning a fish I think about NEOISM?! , SPIT SPIT 182 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 183 I remember that when I was eight years old, in Santa Monica, California, I saw a sign— NEOISM?! —a few streets away from where my mother and father and I lived. It was love at first sight. I knew nothing about NEOISM?! , but I prom - ised myself that each week I would find out as much as I could. However, it took me only one more visit to discover that the house was abandoned. Nobody lived there. The gate was locked. But the sign above the arched gate—NEOISM?! —seemed to be freshly painted and this fact convinced me that the owner probably just bought the place and soon it will be open again. I requested information from some of the closest neighbors, but nobody knew anything about NEOISM?! . People said that the house was always locked as far as they could remember. It was hard to believe in because of the very new look of the sign, NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is often not just a confusing spectacle but a spectacle about confusion: the business of the impossible. Now that I’m working on The Book of NEOISM?! I can use this episode of my life as a historical reference to explain The Origin of NEOISM?! . I haven’t invented the name, I found it in the street, above the arched gate of a house, in my hometown, when I was a young boy. I first saw it when I was eight years old. Maybe I saw it before but my eyes were not ready for the message. It was a beautiful, sunny day, which is very normal in California. I was going to visit a friend of mine and then play ball together. But he was sick and he had to stay in bed. So I just walked alone, I thought I might meet some other friends in the street. Suddenly I heard a voice; it sounded like a crow, but the words were human. “How do you like this sign, young man?” His or her face was shadowed by an extra-large red and black hat. Above her there was a big sign, freshly painted with red and gold: NEOISM?! . I loved it. Of course I didn’t know anything about NEOISM?! , but that sign looked great. I loved the shape of the letters, the way they were painted. I also liked the colors. And I was very curious to know what is NEOISM?! . The crow-voiced creature with the extra-large red and black hat disappeared. And the neighbors didn’t have any idea about NEOISM?! . Every day I returned to the house, climbed up to the windows. But they were all closed and the view was blocked with black curtains. The house looked like a small prison or a military post. The fact that the sign seemed to be freshly painted gave me hope that one day the place will be open, and I will walk through The Gate of NEOISM?! . I was only eight years old, and I figured that even if I had to wait for that day a few decades, I will still be a young man. People said that the house was always locked as far as they could remember. It was hard to believe in because of the very new looking design of the NEOISM?! sign. Each letter was carefully drawn in a very spectacular manner, and together they composed a waving movement. I could hear the wind of the ocean; I could see the storming sky. Everything was bright like clear gold and hot like the color of blood. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE PICNIC PICNIC INADEQUATE PREPARATION Forensic test 184 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 185 Throwing rocks into water is one of The Ten Perfect Pleasures of NEOISM?! . Can you name the other nine? The Principal Finality of NEOISM?! is to provoke in order to obtain reaction. And it does so through a communicative process, of which information is an essential part. In NEOISM?! everything happens to everyone at the same time, everyone is aware of everything that is happening, the minute it happens. NEOISM?! is less the repudiation then the culmination of a project called No Reason. NEOISM?! is neither parodic nor partakes of the logic of the absurd, but operates as a decidedly unofficial contaminant. If someone does not keep pace with her companions, perhaps it is because she marches to The Beat of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is an attempt to liberate all audible sound from the limitations of musical prejudice. The Purpose of NEOISM?! is to concentrate the mind, to season and sober the mind, thus making it susceptible of divine influences. One makes NEOISM?! disinterestedly, that is, without concern for money or fame but simply for the love of making it. NEOISM?! is an integrating activity and one will never find moments in his life that are complete and fulfilled. The Significance of NEOISM?! is that it represents, I believe, the incessant desire in our culture to explore the unknown. Before we know the unknown, it inflames our hearts. When we know it, the flame dies down, only to burst forth again at the thought of as new unknown. As long as this desire for NEOISM?! exists in us, for new materials, new forms, new colors, new sounds, new words, new love, new shit, new this and new that, we must search to satisfy it. NEOISM?! approaches imperceptibility. I see NEOISM?! as a situation in which I impermanently live as a complex interpenetration of centers moving out in all directions without impasse. NEOISM?! is a three-dimensional multi-colored laser projection, bright and vivid yet wholly transparent, wherein each part is an image of the whole. NEOISM?! is a cosmic web of interrelationships or universal matrix of intercausation, is analogous of the vast net covering the palace of the 14 Secret Masters of the Universe. At each intersection of the latticework is situated a brilliant jewel reflecting all other jewels from its own perspective in the net. NEOISM?! means the renunciation of subjectivity: the dissolving of everything into everything. NEOISM?! keeps open the having-been by denying it its coming-as-present, just as it keeps open the coming (future) by withholding the present in this coming, that is, by denying it its being-present. Thus, the proximity brought forth has the character of a denial and withholding. NEOISM?! times simultaneously the has-been, presence and the present that is waiting for our encounter and is normally called future. NEOISM?! in its timing removes None of my friends were too excited about my discovery, except for Hacky. Hacky proposed that we should break into the house. I refused his proposal and explained to him the essence of my theory. The gate should open without any force, and we should be the first to step inside. And until then we can use our own imagination and ideas to describe The Meaning of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a wormy mess, a cruel and shallow idea trench, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free and people die like dogs. NEOISM?! is not for the contented. Its eerie, anguished voice is from an age of revolution and convulsion. NEOISM?! is no fit companion for the self-satisfied, for the triumphal, for the well-adjusted, for the admirer of the status quo. Its queer, dark, menacing voice is full of accusation and loathing. NEOISM?! is a culture in chaos. NEOISM?! is a lost dog that no one dares collar. NEOISM?! embodies the emotional essence of New York—the ever-present tension that comes from knowing that at any given moment on the street you might get your face slashed with a rusty blade. NEOISM?! is largely a shallow American invention. The disintegration and the loss of everything gives NEOISM?! a meaningful order and continuity. By trying to surprise everyone you learn never to be surprised by anything. Aesthetics are a bridge of communication. Aesthetics are, however, secondary to NEOISM?! . The media has become the final battleground in the quest for NEOISM?! . I am very concerned with being present to my culture, if the culture is fucked up I want to have theories that are as fucked up so that they are at least connected to it. NEOISM?! is really fucked up enough, it deals with nonsense and multiversals. NEOISM?! , like anything else, can be a good tool to fetishize it or to confuse it with truth. NEOISM?! enables the reader to reach the energy of light. NEOISM?! may be regarded as an abnormal chemical change in the chromosomes. In the unborn child, it often takes the form of atavistic sympathy or intention. NEOISM?! is something that has been formulated and developed overnight. However, in desiring the clarity of the past, the clarity of an uncorrupted sexual energy, NEOISM?! recognizes the impossibility of fulfilling an innocence that is now lost. Ultimately, it recognizes that in rediscovering its nostalgia for innocence, NEOISM?! also has confronted its instinct for destruction. NEOISM?! makes poverty elegant. The Distribution of NEOISM?! in the form of correspondence is now worldwide. PICNIC PICNIC 186 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 187 Let everything be temporary! Is it possible to speak of NEOISM?! in architectural terms? What does architecture have to do with NEOISM?! . Simply to speak of NEOISM?! is already to speak of space. NEOISM?! is the space of the struggle that is thinking. NEOISM?! always remains the surest way to have one’s ownmost intentions get misinterpreted and quickly and thoroughly forgotten. First we deform all the forms we use, only to reform them into NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! reflects the concord and discord of the Universe and life itself, which flows incessantly like wave, wind, the rhythm of heart beats and the rhythm of convulsion. In practice absolute wholeness is unattainable, but NEOISM?! should be on the whole as broadbased as possible. NEOISM?! is a social anti-social act performed within the process of the fiction of reality. It is subjective and objective at the same time. NEOISM?! completes everything because it is the final product of the creative effort. NEOISM?! is consumption culturally enriching the recipient. It is entertainment, reflection and admiration. NEOISM?! is a social anti-social act that changes the fiction of reality through the perpetual process of breaking down old meanings and constructing new ones. The counter-logic that rules NEOISM?! is epileptic-epistemic logic. We are equally interested in what we know, what we believe, what we are convinced of, what we accept, what we reject, what we understand and what we suppose. Thus NEOISM?! acts in the sphere of idealogy, through placing live idealogy in opposition to dead—the false idealogy being that which is verified by the practice of fiction in Akademgorod, where we are presently living. NEOISM?! is a type of science which is so unstable that it is impossible to overthrow. NEOISM?! endows the existing World with a sense of fiction. The Language of NEOISM?! , like the language of science, has the means to express the fiction of reality as something that really exists in our recognition. The language which is used by NEOISM?! , mediating between empirical reality and the fiction of reality, cannot be in itself the aim of interest. NEOISM?! is the passing force from one definite state to another just as definite. It is impossible to notice a borderline between the different phases. The continuous change of NEOISM?! causes the never-ending change of signs that are used by conspirators in the process of disinformation. NEOISM?! , which in the first model was transparent and was lost, becomes a sign of convulsive reconstruction. In the modern situation, NEOISM?! is neither a window through which we look at the World, nor a sign of itself embracing its own idea. NEOISM?! is empty, a place to be filled by the fiction of reality. us in its threefold simultaneity. But NEOISM?! itself, in the wholeness of its nature, does not move; it rests in stillness. NEOISM?! is not. NEOISM?! has to spring. But insofar as NEOISM?! springs, it disappears into its own withdrawal. NEOISM?! cannot rely on the isolated dimension of the present. NEOISM?! is what keeps the World together. NEOISM?! is committed to showing the viability of anarchy. The conductor as timekeeper is unneeded, as undesired as a policeman. NEOISM?! is a waste of time. NEOISM?! can be described as a list, or as a list of possibilities. NEOISM?! is an accident. NEOISM?! is to remain calm in a situation of restlessness and anxiety. NEOISM?! demands a new concept of time. NEOISM?! is a God factory. NEOISM?! is a continuity which produces meanings. NEOISM?! is the center of the Universe. NEOISM?! is a response to existential unease and creative disorientation. NEOISM?! is writing on water. NEOISM?! is a new Olympus. A mind that is interested in NEOISM?! is interested precisely in the things that are at extremes. Unless we go to extremes, we won’t get anywhere. NEOISM?! is no longer confined to minority groups, but it is rather massive and pervasive: this non-cultural activity of The Conspirators of NEOISM?! , an activity that is unsigned, unreadable and unsymbolized, remains the only one possible for all those that nevertheless buy and pay for the showy products through which a productivist tele-economy articulates itself. NEOISM?! is becoming universal. Of course The Name of NEOISM?! is not sacred. NEOISM?! is the unsurpassable horizon of our time. If in hearing the word, The Cold Word of NEOISM?! , we try it out, write it down, several times, and it nevertheless continues to taunt or haunt us, to deny itself: there is no NEOISM?! —then its difficulty and its persistence stem from its terrifying, challenging removal of guarantees. Let us say that, being neither inside nor out, NEOISM?! is the edge of politics. To represent NEOISM?! will not be a matter of defining its essence. What is most disturbingly impossible is less the actualization of a universal ideal of NEOISM?! than a very claim to its possibility. NEOISM?! is the public space in which our singular perverse bodies may make contact with one another through the creation of beautiful ideas that stand for them, without thereby abolishing what makes them singular. Did someone say NEOISM?! was possible? NEOISM?! , she said. I have heard that word. It’s a cold word. I tried it out, she said still speaking in a low voice. I wrote it down. I wrote it down several times and it always looked like a damn cold lie to me. There is no NEOISM?! . PICNIC PICNIC 188 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 189 superficial layers of civilization that create idealogies and myths, which rule over its social practices, sciences, culture and sex. NEOISM?! operates with signs whose meaning is described by the actual pragmatic sex. NEOISM?! is interested in the continuous process of the decomposition of meanings that do not correspond to reality, and in creating new and actual meanings. NEOISM?! also operates with occasional morphology of the media because of the endless situation and the pragmatic aim of sexual satisfaction. There is no line between NEOISM?! and criminality. People of NEOISM?! are out-and-out criminals. NEOISM?! is the most beautiful thing. The measure of beauty starts with NEOISM?! . If there wasn’t NEOISM?! I’d just shoot myself. I can be a success in every field but I’ll never be a success in my dealings with NEOISM?! . You’re predestined to fail with NEOISM?!, that’s the way life is. The thing you want the most you’ll never conquer. NEOISM?! is on the garbage pedestal, you can’t defend it, you can just treat it like a piece of shit because that’s what it is. The Existance of NEOISM?! is the irony of your life. It’s an incredible thing, it’s the regenerating magic of existance. NEOISM?! seduces and shocks like a wet dream that’s also a nightmare. NEOISM?! is a natural and reasonable activity. We are foolish enough to be slaves to The Risk of NEOISM?! and committed enough to risk The Foolishness of NEOISM?! . We like people to believe that there are thousands and thousands of us out there, or that people are always on their toes. Everywhere we are watching. Knowledge is any individual’s attempt to define exactly what NEOISM?! is. The Observable Affects of NEOISM?! are incorporated into our every action and thought. NEOISM?! is like a snowflake pattern; not true or false, just one pattern out of millions to choose from. Some are simple, some complex, but all are essentially the same; they all are individual expressions of the conditions that created them. NEOISM?! is a collection of very sophisticated myths. Like bacteria, NEOISM?! is constantly in our body and remains dormant until our immune system is impaired. NEOISM?! is based on false myth and inaccurate approximate truths. It doesn’t take being a quantum physicist to understand NEOISM?! , it just takes a little subobjective observation. It sounds almost silly, but The Design of NEOISM?! and our purpose in it is inherently simple and straightforward and is completely apparent to anyone capable of a little honest self-examination. What qualifies a person like me to write about NEOISM?! ? All I claim is to have been born with an innate sense of doubt and curiosity. Growing up, I couldn’t understand why people did and believed what they did. If you fear The Principles of NEOISM?! do not function. NEOISM?! overthrows the condition of extensional expression. NEOISM?! once and for all does not operate with a set system of signs, the language which is used is being continuously constructed and reconstructed with meanings which it accepts in the never-ending process of bringing the fiction of reality up to date. NEOISM?! forces us to overthrow unnecessary principles of the past, in order to create systems that are capable of accepting new meanings. NEOISM?! does not tell the truth; it confuses in the direction of truth. NEOISM?! is a process of realizing incomplete fictions of reality. NEOISM?! is invisible, like a thief in the night, with only the active conspirators knowing its existance. NEOISM?! is the space where nothing is forgotten, but everything changes. NEOISM?! tends to stir the lustful thoughts of the reader. NEOISM?! is a form of discrimination on the basis of philosophy. NEOISM?! runs the risk of being dismissed as sensationalism for its own sake. NEOISM?! is a person who turns himself inside out and starts all over again. NEOISM?! is all around us, obviously, and it’s hard to pinpoint. I really believe that my life and NEOISM?! are inseparable. NEOISM?! is a recognition that the material World we have created is meaningless. Only saints can see beyond The Mask of NEOISM?! , see beyond that finite reality into an infinite reality. When I started NEOISM?! I had this idea of building an empire of misfits and fuckoffs! I was a megalomaniac living in a single hotel room in a foreign country. I had a vision of creating a network that would give ballast to thousands of tormented souls who were being tossed about on the sea of life. I decided to write an insightful, courageous, rebellious, soulful, scornful, zany, unafraid, independent, outrageous fucking book about NEOISM?! . I’ve been impacted by every author, every book I came across. The main principle behind NEOISM?! involves juxtaposing words that are traditionally never combined. NEOISM?! does not act in the sphere of aesthetics. In NEOISM?! any meaning is accepted as the true one. The criterion of choice is The Criterion of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! opposes the stabilization of meanings and rejects The Definitions of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! acts in the anti-field of mephistomological non-logic. NEOISM?! is interested in such expressions as: I refuse, negate, deny, burn, kill, shot, fuck, destroy, run, open, suck, fight, kiss, shit, eat, love, punch, kick, spit, swim, build, jump, suicide, search, read, bomb, lie etc. It is interested in the PICNIC PICNIC 190 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 191 NEOISM?! can be an extremely painful, frightening process, and the ego does not want to go through it. NEOISM?! exists only to a particular conspirator at certain situations and scandals. Any society that attempts to define NEOISM?! for its constituents is both ineffective and destructive, because any such definitions are only misleading and limiting. NEOISM?! is not a concrete substance that can be defined, or else it would long ago have been established. NEOISM?! is whatever it is perceived to be by a conspirator at a particular situation. Society corrupts NEOISM?! for its own ends and deceives us into misunderstanding what NEOISM?! really is. All things in NEOISM?! are connected to each other like a giant multi-dimensional jigsaw puzzle, not only interlocked through blood and gold, but also through immortality. NEOISM?! has means for becoming the idea that it is not. NEOISM?! is a useless passion, the game that is lost. It is also claimed that NEOISM?! is a philosophy of the absurd and of despair. It encloses the World in a sterile anguish, in an empty subjectivity, within failure and non-ethics. From the very beginning NEOISM?! re-defined itself as a total philosophy of ambiguity. NEOISM?! should be the landscape that I am contemplating, the sky within me, that it might be I whom it expresses in flesh and bone, and I remain the center of this Universe. NEOISM?! is nothing else than an attempt to draw all the consequences of a coherent atheistic position. NEOISM?! isn’t so atheistic that it wears itself out showing that God doesn’t exist. Rather, it declares that God is atheist! NEOISM?! is able to exist only by pursuing transcendent goals. NEOISM?! is simply amazing. NEOISM?! is a useless and inexpensive hypothesis. NEOISM?! wants freedom for freedom’s sake and in every particular situation. NEOISM?! is unable to pass judgment on others, because there’s no reason to prefer one configuration to another. NEOISM?! cannot be taken for a philosophy since it defines everything in terms of action. NEOISM?! tells us that action is the only thing that enables us to live. I’m creating a certain image of NEOISM?! of my own choosing. In choosing myself, I choose NEOISM?! . I have been appointed to impose my conception of NEOISM?! on humanity. Because NEOISM?! means that an individual chooses and makes herself. But it is impossible for humanity to transcend The Subjectivity of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! precedes essence. NEOISM?! exists, turns up, appears on the scene and, only afterwards, or never, defines itself. If NEOISM?! is indefinable, it is because at first it is nothing. Only afterward will it be something. NEOISM?! is actually the least scandalous, most austere of doctrines. It is intended strictly for conspirators. But the word has been so stretched and has NEOISM?!, if you think certain ideas can be dangerous to us, that they can literally bring down curses from heaven, this book can be extremely hazardous to your health. NEOISM?! confronts the most serious problem on this planet, the problem that most psychologists, sociologists and other behavioral scientists prefer not to look at. NEOISM?! offers a brilliantly vitriolic analysis of the confusions, superstitions and anxieties that make us all slaves of time. The Idea of NEOISM?! is an obvious farce. NEOISM?! simply cannot exist in creation. NEOISM?! is designed to continually reorganize into new, confusing and chaotic manifestations. NEOISM?! is the rebirth of the new, hardier, more efficient system, better equipped to proliferate in the new World, from the ashes of the old. The History of NEOISM?! mirrors the same principles of destruction that guide and shape the Universe. For NEOISM?! , there is only the trying, the rest is not our business. Everything is born into existance, is effective for a certain time, changes and then dies, giving birth to the new. The cyclic dynamic of birth, change, death and rebirth, throughout every scale and location, is the fundamental process that both unites and guides every aspect of NEOISM?!. NEOISM?! is the programming tool of society through which it defines the World and our place in it. Any definition of NEOISM?! is simply taking an arbitrary viewpoint. How much more superficial and confusing can a basic structure of reality be? How can NEOISM?! be anything other than useless, mythic information when the very physical characteristics of the Universe are determined by theories? NEOISM?! doesn’t exist in anybody’s head or in other isolated structure, but within the open reciprocal effective process of perception, thinking and doing, within the whole World, totality. NEOISM?! is completely interconnected and interdependent, driven by a universal dynamic of systematic re-reorganization and the divine counter-nature of the transcendent individual within anarchy. NEOISM?! allows individuals to express their inner dynamic freely, instead of enslaving them physically, mentally and emotionally. Though NEOISM?! was at first destructive, it evolved into an ally. A trans-essential ally. NEOISM?! is a complex idea organism that demonstrates the process of birth, change, death and rebirth. In the same way that physical organisms can be transferred from one host to another physically, NEOISM?! can be transferred mentally, through action and communication. NEOISM?! breaks down the entire structure of creation and reorganizes into something new. For us to accept NEOISM?! and to rearrange the symbolic patterns of our mind, we have to accept the pain and hurt of breaking down our systems of comforting beliefs, our views of self-worth and how we attain it, justifications of past actions and views and so on. PICNIC PICNIC 192 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 193 myself from the choice that I make for NEOISM?! . To live NEOISM?! is to choose myself through it and to choose it through my choice of myself. To receive NEOISM?! though, one must first make the vessel clean by washing out all previous beliefs and knowledge. The more you know, the less you can be taught. Then, when society passes, as it must, we will have the tools to survive that tumultuous time and will be prepared to nurture into life a new system, one that understands and follows The Fake Structure and Anti-Principles of NEOISM?! . This book is also designed to give the individual the tools with which to do NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is your irresponsibility, and control over it should not be given to a so-called authority on the subject. There is only one authority on The Subject of NEOISM?! —you! You and the multiplicity of entities that are part of you and that you are part of, and the perfect inner convulsion that guides you. NEOISM?! is breaking those binding ideas away and defining the World as you see fit, realizing that the way you see the World is not a reflection of the World itself—it can be seen an infinite number of ways. The way you see NEOISM?! is a reflection only of yourself and the inner forces at work. NEOISM?! puts you in complete harmony with creation and removes the need for your system to be broken down and reorganized. NEOISM?! , or the fearless implementation of our perfect, harmonious inner convulsion, is the path to immortality, eternal life and salvation. NEOISM?! has opened a great doorway to mental expansion and experimentation, but generally has failed to live up to its promise. This is because most of its followers fail to understand that there is no truth or real path to NEOISM?! . It can be found anywhere and with any tools, in any situation. NEOISM?! gets further and further out of sync, becoming more and more confusing and destructive. The quest for NEOISM?! can be embarked upon on a day to day, moment by moment basis, regardless of the position or scale one finds oneself in, because scale and position are meaningless evaluations. NEOISM?! can be achieved by moving beyond the mental arena of evaluations. NEOISM?! is the right to choose; the right to create for yourself the alternatives of choice. Without The Exercise of NEOISM?! , a person is not a person but an instrument, a thing. NEOISM?! is like a masterful parasite that has hypnotized us into thinking that it is who we are. taken on so broad a meaning, that it no longer means anything at all. Most people who use the word would be rather embarrassed if they had to explain it. We are charged with denying the reality and seriousness of human undertakings, and that we put the emphasis on the dark side of human life. Consequently, NEOISM?! is regarded as something ugly, it has been charged with dwelling on human degradation, with pointing up everywhere the sordid, shady and slimy, and neglecting the gracious and beautiful, the bright side of humanity. If NEOISM?! existed, everything impossible would become possible. NEOISM?! is the natural philosophy of the doss-house. NEOISM?! is the father of all things. The Idea of NEOISM?! is as old as life itself, for life is only preserved because other living things perish through NEOISM?!. NEOISM?! dislikes regular work. NEOISM?! refuses to work, goes off to a cafe to eat cream cakes and read newspapers, and for the next five hundred years it chooses to bury itself in obscurity. NEOISM?! is a short cut to success. NEOISM?! draws its inspiration from everything that has preceded it because it believes in the value of history as a revolutionary weapon. NEOISM?! repudiates the rhetoric of logical argument. Logic is the road that leads to nowhere. NEOISM?! has never claimed to resolve anything, NEOISM?! simply is. It asserts no more than is obvious and nothing is more obvious than NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is undefeatable, self-refuting and incomprehensible. NEOISM?! has always been more concerned with propagating confusion than serving itself up in consumable chunks. Will NEOISM?! , by taking itself for an end, escape-all situation? Or, on the contrary, will it remain situated? Is it possible for NEOISM?! to take itself for a value as the source of all value, or must it necessarily be defined in relation to a transcendent value which haunts it? And in case it could will itself as its own possible and its determining value, what would this mean? NEOISM?! chooses then not to recover itself but to be always at a distance from itself. NEOISM?! is a useless passion. NEOISM?! is a hole. NEOISM?! is an obscene expectation, an appeal to the brain. NEOISM?! is precisely the being which makes itself a lack of being. NEOISM?! is mine because of the sole fact that it arises in a situation that I cause to be, and that I can discover it there only by engaging myself for or against it, I can no longer distinguish at present the choice that I make for PICNIC PICNIC 194 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 195 Without the precious guidance of the following explorers I couldn’t make my thrilling discoveries about NEOISM?! : John Cruickshank, Nicolas Chamfort, Tim Perlich, Peter C Newman, Hunter S Thompson, Roger Ely, Sylvère Lotringer, Jeremy Adler, Marino Tuzi, John Cage, Kirby Olson, Fernando Aguiar, Henry David Thoreau, Daniel Charles, Martin Heidegger, Andrew Culver, Michel de Certeau, Mark Lewis, Tom Keenan, Len Guenther, John Rajchman, Jean Rhys, Lenin, Mark Wigley, Vattacharja Chandan, Jan S ´widzin´ ski, Beth Cataldo, Joel-Peter Witkin, Jon Bennett, Robert Williams, William J Murray, Henning Mittendorf, Simone de Beauvoir, Jean-Paul Sartre, Adolf Hitler, Alan Bullock, Hermann Rauschning, Archibald MacLeish, RJ McGregor. In my dreams I often entered The House of NEOISM?! . The gate opened without force. I was in a long stone-flagged passage that ran between numerous damp-smelling rooms. It was a horrible smell. I ran from room to room, finding nothing but emptiness. But this emptiness made me feel very excited. I raced up the stairs to another long corridor above. I discovered more and more empty rooms. More and more space, endless space, and all rooms were entirely empty. The walls were of plain stone with no plaster or paneling. The reddish stone was bare and uncovered. There was nothing in the house. It was totally empty. Rooms after rooms. Countless numbers of empty rooms. It seemed to me that the house was much bigger inside than I would think seeing it from outside. It seemed to be growing. And in spite of the horrible smell and emptiness I felt very excited, like someone who has made a very important discovery. Going from room to room in that smelly, empty house, in my dreams, I learned more and more about NEOISM?! . And when I woke up I only had to write down these ideas. That’s how most parts of this book have been written. I look out the window. It is screaming with rain; the trees are bending before the savagery of the wind; the sea looks muddy, and the white crest can be seen on each wave far out to sea. The garden looks swamped, and the clouds are sweeping right across the headland, blotting out all view beyond. If you have a chance to visit Santa Monica, California, take a long walk and look for The House of NEOISM?! . When you see the NEOISM?! sign above the arched gate you’ll understand my curiosity. But the gate will be locked. And I’m not sure if it will ever open. PICNIC PICNIC 196 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 197 I ’ll be executed on 24 March by a high-voltage wave of electricity that will wipe out my nervous system, followed by a low-voltage shock designed to finish the job. I have a broad back; like paper I endure anything. I’m not a fixed, self-enclosed social system but rather a definite trend in the historic development of alien-kind, which, in contrast with the intellectual guardianship of all clerical and governmental institutions, strives for the free unhindered unfolding of all the subindividual and anti-social forces in life. I am only a relative, not an absolute concept, since I tend constantly to become broader and to affect wider circles in more manifold ways. For me, total freedom is not an abstract and foroverused philosophical concept, but the vital-concrete eternal-possibility for the full development of my boring life. I am a fanatic lover of myself, considering me as the only condition under which I can exist, develop and grow. I am the only one who is worthy of the name NEOISM?! , which consists of the full development of all the material, intellectual and alien powers that are latent in each non-person person. I recognize no restrictions other than those determined by the lies of my own subindividual transnature, which cannot properly be regarded as restrictions since these lies are not imposed by any outside legislator beside or above me, but are instead immanent and inherent, forming the very basis of my own material. Beware of believing me to be a rat-ma, a fish-trine above question or debate. No! The absolute question, which we demand constantly, develops our thinking and takes us toward new horizons, takes us out of the narrow and fucked up framework of everyday regulation and prison-codification. I am both the most colossal disorder, the most complete disorganization of the concert-series of everyday music and dance and, beyond this gigantic confusion, I am the construction of a new convulsive robot-platform philosophy based on the power of electricity. I am so deplorably elastic that I can only be a negative idea to the uninitiated, and I can create growing ambiguities, which can be annoying to say the least. I can be described first and foremost as a visceral fuckhead. On the night of 10 December 1989, the First Lady was raped, stabbed twice in the chest and slashed across the neck with such force that the gash, 10cm wide and 5cm deep, cut almost to her spinal cord. When her husband, the newly elected President of New World Order, returned home, he discovered her lying on the floor in a warm pool of blood. Her sweater was hiked up TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE BRAINFOREST BRAINFOREST BEWARE OF BELIEVING NOT LIKE THAT ONE Half Rebel, Half Criminal 198 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 199 jittery since receiving a series of obscene phone calls the year before, would have never opened the door to anyone without an official appointment. I’m an anthropomorphized human translation of a persistent signal sent by the molecular intelligence of the 14 Secret Masters of the Universe. My consciousness is chemical in nature and changes as its chemistry changes. I try to define myself without creating one definition, to keep consciousness open to changes and to satisfy my brain with confusion, chaos, terror, paranoia, sex, weirdness, danger, violence, hedonic gratification, self-destructive misery, simulated happiness, mad stimulation, total freedom etc. The fact is that I am NEOISM?! and NEOISM?! is more than me, so as a consequence of this fact I’ll never become completely what I am already. To elaborate on this more than confusing statement I would have to analyze the contradictory character of my non-philosophical speculation. But this is impossible, or, perhaps somebody else should do it. I can’t. What I’m interested in is to accumulate seemingly useless information in a form that is satisfactory to initiate chemical impulses in my brain or in the reader’s brain. Well, I’m not even sure about that. But why should I be preoccupied with the goal of my writing, my ideas? I have more important questions: How can you experience death without dying? How to become immortal and still alive? Can the answer be a simply chemical procedure? As a philosophy I will be alive even in a few thousand years, but as a philosopher I might be dead tomorrow. Because I am NEOISM?! but NEOISM?! is more than me. And even if I’m already dead, I’ll never become completely dead. It is time for me to leave planetary existance and increase my research and communication through the star system. To find Akademgorod on another planet seems to me more possible than getting people involved with the idea in my neighborhood. I’m constantly recreating myself every second. My mind is a mutating bio-machine. Every second is a new definition and the next one is always the best. There is no best and no linear progression. I’m defined by contradictions, impossible ideas, utopian theories, mindfucking bullshit, speculations, lies, stupid jokes, stolen information, puns, metathesis, obscure symbolism and every manner of indirection. I make a quantum jump every so often and land myself in a new reality-matrix. This is the only way to stay NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! : What time is it? Human: Three-twenty. NEOISM?! : Are you blind? It is 6 o’clock. Let’s jump back to that murder story. Soon it will become really meaningful, and it will give a special taste to our theoretical speculation. I was reading around her neck and her underpants shoved down around her left foot. The brutality of the murder so stunned the World that from that time on people began to lock their doors at night. The locksmith industry developed into a leading economic force of New World Order. I’m not trying to construct a story. And, if sometime I sound like a writer, then you should take it as a joke. I’m fucking serious. I circle around a subject, NEOISM?! , firing off explanatory beams, but I don’t have any plot for your emotions or any trap for your imagination. My girlfriend called and she is really fed up with me. She thinks our relationship is a tragic mistake. She is tired of listening to my contradictory explications. She knows that I didn’t kill the President’s wife, however each time we talk she makes it clear that I should change and do something useful for everyone. Welcome to the New World Order. Of course, she still loves me, and wants to be with me, but I’m only interested in my own ideas, and all I want to do is either to have sex or talk about NEOISM?! . I am the uprising of a moment that springs up and out of time and violates the lies of science. I am the forbidden moment, an unforgivable denial of the dialectic, shimmying up the pole and out of the obscure and wet smokehole. I take my own abstractions for realities. I am almost self-explanatory. I should be understood without difficulty, understood in action. Antia sits right besides me and she is jerking me off while I’m writing this sentence. She is exquisitely beautiful with long flowing blonde hair and now she is kneeling in front of me. I can feel the tingle of her erect nipples brushing against my legs. She is massaging my thighs, moving her hands closer and closer to my cock. She looks up at me and she smiles. For a minute I stop writing and I put the head of my erect penis right into her open mouth. Our relation is a trap, a cultural sinkhole, a neurotic secret implosion of split atoms. I am the obvious counter-strategy that emerges spontaneously. I am full of shit, full of illogical things and events that she may never understand. “If my life doesn’t make any kind of sense at all then don’t impose a meaning on me. It’s better to remain in doubt than to try to make something mean what it may not really mean at all.” I’m freed of time and place, but spatiotemporally chained to the noise of the events. At 6 o’clock I worship Eris, aka Discordia, goddess of chaos and confusion. Antia is sitting on top of me and I can feel the wetness and the softness of her pussy clinging to my cock. The police didn’t find any evidence of forced entry into the Presidential house, so they assumed the First Lady must have opened the door to her killer, or the killer had the key. The President said his shy, reclusive wife, who had been BRAINFOREST BRAINFOREST 200 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 201 With someone that you know really well you can transmit information brain to brain, getting the concepts across so fast that you get to the point where it’s hard to tell who’s who. It would be possible to link together a large number of brains through multi-sensory communication and create a brain-net or brainforest. In fact that’s what all the communication networks are about. But this communication should be done without indirect brain extending devices, tools such as the computer or pen and paper, using direct transmission only. Let’s connect our pleasure centers now! The blaze that had swept through NEOISM?! had left it burnt beyond recognition. NEOISM?! had no known family or next of a kin to identify the remains. NEOISM?! thus became an unidentified homicide. Friends eulogized NEOISM?! , recalling how NEOISM?! had built the mythology of Akademgorod. Without sawing boards, without piercing nails, without pounding a hammer, it was built from recycled ideas and stolen information, using telepathic transmission/radiation/communication methods. Akademgorod, this new Atlantis, is the only community that was able to welcome NEOISM?! and coexist with an unknown idea. In my belief system, NEOISM?! is not one hypothesis among many but an omnipresent reality. NEOISM?! is everywhere, in every tree, every flower, in the sky itself, in the light. I look at you and you are NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is an invisible, gaseous-like, jello-like something, which is living, radiating and receiving energy, expanding, contracting, glowing. Since average Americans are bombarded by 300 ad jingles and sound bites per day, they develop what we call “the communication phallus”. It takes a powerful word or phrase to stimulate the phallus. Try NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a sprinkling of ideas with confused aspirations shot through with gleams of intelligence. As I sit here, writing, my brain, which has my name on it, is transmitting on a frequency, which has a number. And you can tune your system to this number, and you can reach me without reading this, without writing to me, without using a phone. Your brain has your name, and it’s up to you to fulfill your name. And however you may feel, doubt or question whether you are negative or positive, you must believe in yourself. I have this, this is mine, it was given to me. However many flaws, however many errors, however many wrong decisions, however many negatives, I have this, I am positive about it. I will radiate it and if there is someone who receives, fine, they are radiating, let us hope that their radiation corresponds with mine momentarily, and in that moment we can reach NEOISM?! . I jerk off while the books I’m reading are all around me. My sperm is flowing in thick rivers, an endless white stream over the books. And the books melt away. They disappear in the white splash. an article about Roger Keith Coleman in Time magazine and that’s how his story inspired my writing. Coleman was recently executed for a murder he never committed. The machine that’s made to kill has to kill. The Goal of NEOISM?! is to conquer death and establish cosmic-urban-eternity. Who are you and what is your destiny? This question should be included in birth ceremony songs. Birth is The ManifestoAction of NEOISM?! . Those who can’t stand babycry won’t understand the angel’s message either. Babycry is the greatest music on earth and behind its irritating noise there is the sonic-quality of the immortal alien-culture. NEOISM?! is a non-structural-methematical-illogical principle that we don’t understand. That is, each person creates her own Universe out of his own neuro-illogical anti-processes. NEOISM?! is nothing else but the search for the unknown structural integrities that underline the philosophical appearances. I am NEOISM?! but that doesn’t give me any intellectual security, and in order to keep it going I have to conquer NEOISM?! every day. This is what I call The Everyday Dance and Music of NEOISM?! , a defense mechanism against global insanity and death. The Message of NEOISM?! is that the message must always change. Intelligence must increase as consciousness expands, or we get burned-out. The important areas of experimentation are therefore those that produce errors in compensation and provoke an emergency in response. I use intensity/confusion as weapons to actually force a choice. I have an extreme degree of intensity to break existing aesthetic categories and reject all forms and products. The aim is to be as un-aesthetic as possible. But what appears today to be either a noise-wall or a non-interpretable foreign signal, will tomorrow be considered simplistically familiar. I do exercises every day (a sort of mutated yoga mixed with gymnastic elements), to keep my body in shape, to discipline my mental attitude and to stimulate my nervous system. Exercising is my drug. I’m addicted to it and have to repeat the same ritual at least once a day. Without such self-work I would crumble into a bundle of paranoia, inactive bitterness, suicidal depression. Exercising keeps me sane, but, and this is very important to note, it also helps me to stay in close contact with the convulsive world of insanity, lunacy, alienation and madness. Exercising increases the receptive capacity of my mind, my awareness and openness. It makes my physical and spiritual being completely alert. During exercising I trans-communicate with the whole Universe and I’m not reduced to my limited living space. A diffuse rationalism, the leveling impress of the mass media, the increasing monochrome of the technological milieu, are crowding on the private components of marvel and fantasy. Under the stress of the media, even our dreams are standardized and made synchronic with those of our neighbors. BRAINFOREST BRAINFOREST 202 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 203 disappear, it means that an infinite number of empty ideas can give birth to NEOISM?! . If it dissolves, it means that an infinite number of infinitely confusing elements recreates it, to the point of an infinity of confusing ideas. The infinitely confusing conceives the infinitely simple. NEOISM?! is divided to infinity. NEOISM?! circumscribes the infinitely confusing and infinitely simple. Upon reaching infinity, NEOISM?! becomes the seat of ideas. NEOISM?! is not a book, nor case of words, nor a bag of words, nor a bearer of words. Everyday language is intentional, that is, utilitarian. Its function is to transmit ideas and feelings, to explain, to declare, to convince, to invoke, to accuse, to subvert, to confuse etc. NEOISM?! is using everyday language, but it neglects intentions and utility, and it returns to itself, it investigates itself, looking always for new ideas. You do not need to read the whole book. The reading may stop at the very moment you have understood The Total Structure/Non-Structure of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the advocate of the irrational, the insane, the unplanned, the confusing and non-functional. NEOISM?! should be understood as a means of communication whose latent potentiality is higher in indirect proportion to its scope for providing stimuli and eliciting reactions, so contributing to a recovery of our senses rather than anaesthetizing their pulsations. This holds good even for the person who has produced confusion and finds himself led to clarify a posteriori some of the motives that were originally overlaid by the irresistible urge to create. NEOISM?! is used as an active form of support, making it possible to remain anchored to some sort of hope and overcoming the temptation to cut short all communication, seeking refuge in silence. A silence that for many has taken the form of continuing to speak but in such a way that the public fails to follow, to understand, while for others it has meant effacing themselves by a flight into suicide. There is a temptation to abandon NEOISM?! and escape into silence that transcends everything and harbors the great promise of a final loss of every servile bond with the World. I was floating through the sky on a warm sunny evening. I gradually came to rest on a grassy cliff top. I could spend hours there reading or daydreaming, enjoying solitude until night fell. It was all beautiful and idyllic. The birds were singing and there was a smell of wild flowers. By dint of pondering different thoughts my intelligence grew sharper and my ideas gained precision. I could stay there forever with my eyes fixed upon a nebulous Canaan, an imaginary land of promise. Already I had began dreaming of a desert hermitage equipped with high-tech conveniences, an ark on dry land in which I might take refuge from the incessant deluge of human stupidity. A strange feeling came walking across the grass towards me. I wasn’t surprised at all; it happens to me quite often. This time she had the look of a typical sex object: long bleached-blonde hair, big statuesque breasts (I could see the nipples through the clinging wet cotton), very short and tight leather To be involved with NEOISM?! is to search for and to play with uncertainty and ambiguity rather than to strive for semantic outcomes of the definite kind. To understand what is going on in The Transactional Process of NEOISM?! is to merge into the waves of planetary inputs, the modulation of ideas passed around the multiplicity of terminals, and to identify with the patterns of change that surge through the lines of total communication. It can feel, not just as an extension of mind but an extension of the body. There can be this sense of out-of-body experience, joining up with others in the etheric, electronic and totally timeless space. There are high tides and low tides of these waves’ convulsive motions, these subversive ripples of meaning manifesting greater or lesser densities of NEOISM?! . Then, as the flames mounted and the metal and wood of the sets got hotter and hotter, the bulbs began to explode with loud smacking sounds. Then he took the library broom and pushed the handle into my vagina. He shoved it in and out and stirred it around until I was as juicy as a musquash. People were rolling and frolicking in the mud, frenzied. Billowing fumes of red smoke-grenade clouds blanked out groups of people. The red smoke grenades were quite acrid and the audience could only see parts of what was going on in the mud field. I didn’t want to look at his penis, but he took a hold of the back of my neck and forced my head down so I had to. It was up, erect. It was shivering and quivering, and it had a very complicated hole in the top of it, which seemed to be breathing and talking, saying things like “There are pressures of life that keep us from enjoying NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is our individual displacement from order”, etc. As his penis continued chanting, I felt surges and tingles of pleasure. The sound and the noise of the language aroused me, because it wasn’t the kind of language I would normally use myself. I didn’t really understand it. I overheard a man talking about concentration camps in the World. At the end of the field of red mud there was a pyramid of television sets. I wanted to have an orgasm. So I started pushing back, pushing myself close up to him, rubbing my body against him. “Look in the eye of an elephant and you’ll know more about NEOISM?! .” I heard that strange voice, and I felt really high, like I was out of my mind. There was no order and all seemed like chaos. At that moment I found my rhythm. No steadiness, no anchor, no fulcrum. I prefer the flux and buildup of changes, all interpenetrating, with surprises arriving non-stop. NEOISM?! is quite enjoyable. Does NEOISM?! contain within itself The Idea of NEOISM?! ? In other words, where does NEOISM?! get the idea that it is NEOISM?! ? NEOISM?! exists by its very absence. Negation is the mind becoming The Infinite World of Developing NEOISM?! . But why should negation be The Essential Element of NEOISM?! ? If NEOISM?! was a museum one could always add to it a new idea that did not belong to it. Therefore, The Hypothesis of NEOISM?! is false. Can NEOISM?! contain the idea of not being NEOISM?! without destroying itself? Does it disappear into an infinite number of empty ideas, or does it dissolve into an infinite number of infinitely confusing elements? If it does BRAINFOREST BRAINFOREST 204 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 205 lips of my pussy are neatly together. I would love to suck my cock and lick my pussy at the same time but I can’t even fuck myself because my cock is so hard that I can’t bend it and push it into my vagina. When it’s soft I usually keep it in my hot pussy. The complete elimination of oppression is a difficult task in a World that bears the marks of many thousands of years of government propaganda. I wish to explore inner space, that psychological domain where the inner world of the mind and the outer world of reality meet and fuse. I want to write a series of fucked-up philosophical essays about the present confusion of thinking, individual isolation, alienation, introspection and techno-sophistication. The marriage of reason and nightmare which has dominated the twentieth century has given birth to an ever more ambiguous game: NEOISM?! . We live in a World ruled by fictions of every kind—political propaganda, pop-culture mythology, mass media imagery etc. We live inside an enormous novel. It is less and less necessary to invent a fiction since it has been already written. The most effective way of dealing with the World around us is to assume that it is a complete fiction. The writer’s task is to select and re-package information. NEOISM?! is an extreme metaphore for an extreme situation, a kit of desperate measures only for use in an extreme crisis. NEOISM?! takes up its position as a dataclysmic anti-philosophy of today. I heard someone whistling at me, I went through some bushes into a graveyard. There was a cold, blue moonlight. A man in red was standing at the opposite end of the graveyard. I got closer and saw he was playing with his cock. In the same moment I was stunned and deafened by a thunderous blow, as from some titanic hammer, outside the tank low down to the right, and was thrown hard against the side of the cupola as the tank slewed round and shuddered to a violent halt. At the same time a gigantic clang, which seemed to rend my skull, told of a solid shot skidding off the sloping front plate without penetrating. The tank’s main armament, its gun, was useless now. In a daze, trembling like a leaf, I found myself on the ground wrapping my arms around the red man’s legs. His legs smelled of cinnamon. He had a long, hard cock, with a big vein running up it. His tight wrinkled balls smelled even more strongly of cinnamon. Flames were soaring into the sky with rich black clouds of smoke from burning tanks with their ammunition exploding in them. I sucked at the red man’s cock, harder and harder. I have been awake for more than 48 hours. My last sleep had been in my quarter near the barracks three nights before. I silently prayed that my wife and baby daughter had got back home safely and I sucked the red man’s cock harder still. I could sense the cool, white semen down there in his balls and I was trying to suck it right up to my mouth, the same way you drink a milkshake. I tore my eye from the sight and saw nearby another tank explode. I gave one more suck, and it flooded out onto my tongue. It absolutely filled up my mouth. The next minutes lasted for ever—reload—aim in the thickening dust and smoke—fire—down on the belly and crawl with gasping lungs to another position—then reload again—fire. I dropped behind the stones in the ruins of the graveyard. The World blew up and went bobblack. skirt, red high-hill shoes. I recognized that unbalanced, neurotic woman who loved to have her nipples macerated in scent, but who only really experienced complete and utter vextasy when her scalp was scraped with a metal comb or when a lover’s caresses were mingled with the smell of soot, or wet plaster from houses being built in rainy weather or of dust thrown up by heavy raindrops in a summer thunderstorm. I asked her whether she would like to have sex immediately or should we exchange theoretical problems for a few minutes before getting into practical activity. “Any notion of rationality which doesn’t take account of specific extraterrestrial abilities and limitations of understanding, memory and re-conceptualization has nothing to do with me”, she said. Suddenly I felt I was rotten through and through and hung like a decaying carcass, losing my limbs, oozing pus and I could barely keep, in the general corruption of my body, a few words in my mouth. Under the lowering sky, in the humid atmosphere, the World oozed black sweat and the wind ventilated foul odors; the horror of life became more apparent and the grip of spleen more oppressive; the seeds of iniquity that lie in everybody’s heart began to regerminate; a craving for filthy pleasures took hold of the puritanical, and the minds of respected citizens were visited by The Criminal Desires of NEOISM?! . I am a single-minded, one-dimensional fanatic dedicated to figuring out actions that would irritate people and make their life unbearable. I am one of the struggling millions. NEOISM?! is the place where everything happens, where everything involves me.There are huge abysses between my intentions and achievements. I am rapaciously conditioned all the time, I often find myself trapped in idealogical stances that I know to be bizarre, but I can’t struggle out from under. I just don’t enjoy the pleasures other people enjoy! As a young boy I saw my family as a prison. My parents told me how to think and what to be. I looked at my father and mother and vowed not to repeat their dull lives. My parents instilled in me a deep expectation of living for the future. They never told me The Secret of NEOISM?! : tomorrow never comes, it’s always 6 o’clock. When tomorrow comes, it is today; it’s 6 o’clock. I live in the belly of the beast. Right now I’m laying in bed, touching my body all over, wetting and kissing myself. I’m rubbing and feeling my body. I’m masturbating while I’m writing. There are bright lights and mirrors all around so I can fully admire myself. I work my hair up into heaps of curls, all tied with tiny, pale blue ribbons. My job is to show up at public places and tell people to burn down their own houses in The Name of NEOISM?! if they want to be happy. Conflicts bring out the best in me because I used to a confrontation. I feel great in critical situations when I have to make very fast decisions and get myself out of trouble. I admire my breasts in the mirror. I hold each one in my hands and feel its firmness and tickle the nipples so they get hard and they grow. My cock is in my right hand now and I’m typing letter by letter with my left hand. I open my legs and spray myself with vaginal deodorant. I even make sure that the BRAINFOREST BRAINFOREST 206 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 207 perspective. It employs the psychological dynamic of the instantaneousness of confunification to present a mutatively pure transparent version of the immediate World. From the initial sweep of the lofty clouds to the hypnotic and mesmerizing definitions of nothing, NEOISM?! uses convulsive movements mess’ntialized in this chapter. Like the self-absorbed and emotionally overwhelmed penitent at a mass religious gathering, the reader is allowed neither distance nor moments of relief from The Totalitalitarian Barrage of NEOISM?! . The reader is to be made undifferentiated in emotion and self-control from the convulsing, cinepatic image-overflow. The reader is one in this mass congregation for the propaganda of The Overnational Faith of NEOISM?! . You are, yes, in effect at the same time the sex-object and future-enemy for the promulgation of a specific nurstrine or practice. You are involved, without your knowledge, in an inexorable process of propaganda making. That NEOISM?! is not a fiction espousing a super-humanist cocktrine and therefore immediately recognizable historically and culturally as propaganda is clear. That NEOISM?! can be perceived as partaking of an ill-logic outherent in fictions not framed in ostensible super-humanism is not quite as clear. NEOISM?! uses the effect of pristineness and classlessness in the fabric of non-aesthetic deconstruction in order to nonsolidate idealogically and semiotically its concentration of power. NEOISM?! espouses a look-fascism of consciousness in asserting falsely that powerlessness is not the result of the concentration of power in the hierarchical few but psychological inability to assimilate and project the status-quo premise necessary for the maintenance of power structure. So I just want to think about it in terms of horror and fear. I don’t have any desire to be burned or gassed or anything else, but if that’s what happens, it’s going to happen and there is not a damn thing in the World I can do about it at this point. I do think if we can get to the point where we are thinking—if we can get all our forces together simply—if we can do that—why not think about duty and blood and all the other things we believe are worth the effort. It’s so hard to reach everybody with a thought because there are so many pros and cons. The best thing we can do is live our ideas as fully as possible. At certain moments it’s important to accelerate the process of filling pages with words. At certain moments it’s important to accelerate the process of filling pages with words. At certain moments it’s important to accelerate the process of filling pages with words. At certain moments it’s important to accelerate the process of filling pages with words. NEOISM?! may remain invisible for as long as they want us to, for we know we exist and one day the achievements of our generation will obliterate all memory of their cheap and dreary reign. They are dying and we are just being born. NEOISM?! removes itself from history and from the market. It replaces representation with presence: the full exploitation of surprise. NEOISM?! is jerking off on a stage as a night club act, with everybody clapping when you shoot your load. NEOISM?! exists beyond control and definition. NEOISM?! is a little black rat-hole that connects the Universe to the Babylon of Information. NEOISM?! cannot exist without planning ever new and dreadful outbursts of rebellion. I dream of reaching the absolute point zero from which I can make a real start again and launch a new message. In me circulates the blood of a better age. Suddenly, I found myself alone on the stage. The hall, dimly lit by the small red bulbs located above the doors, resembled an immense cavern lying deep beneath the surface of the sea. A sort of drunken euphoria took hold of me. I began to rub myself very fast. There were wasps swarming somewhere, and their noise came and went. I curled my fingers round between my legs and played with my clitoris. It went stiff, stiffer than it’s ever been before, and I could see it actually poking out through my pubic hair. I kept on diddling absentmindedly. NEOISM?! should be pleasure because if not no one would do it, except those over-bored black-leather S&M prisoners. The brain plays a dangerous game! NEOISM?! keeps you fit. It was one of Chairman Mao’s grand plans to keep the nation fit. NEOISM?! keeps you horny. It was one of Hitler’s secret plans to keep Germans horny. NEOISM?! keeps you alive. Jim Jones’s original plan was to lead his people to Canaan. NEOISM?! makes you revolt. It was Fidel Castro’s plan to create a permanent revolution. NEOISM?! makes you hungry. It was Stalin’s idea to feed people with work. And they all failed. But NEOISM?! survived. And I’m here to give you another chance. This no-logic concerning the function of confusion in activating popular overnationalist culture finds its extreme rationale in noise. The constituent strategies of noise are consistent with the above-discussed short statements. NEOISM?! apotheosizes in epochal and pristine manner an overnationalist BRAINFOREST BRAINFOREST 208 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 209 As a doubtful symptom the following must be stated: taken all in all, NEOISM?! is a sign of a World getting worse. It’s a hallucinacrum of insane people or criminals. Only the miserable cowardice of our intelligentsia is resistant to The Poisoning Sound of NEOISM?! . Let us be happy with this impudent nonsense. I believe everything I think and everything I write. Therefore, I should be locked up in a prison-hospital for the criminally insane where I can drill holes in my skull to increase the oxygen supply to my brain. NEOISM?! is hermaphroditic. It is the sensibility of those whose phobia of role-entrapment compels them to ridicule the values of their society but prevents them from creating any of their own. The Superficial Perversity of NEOISM?! is at heart an unresolved conflict between reverence and ridicule. Condemned to shallowness, NEOISM?! is compelled to recast its most trivial experiences as existential monodramas. I’m waiting for a phone call, which, if it ever comes, comes because it’s a wrong number. The Role of NEOISM?! is probably that of preserving within contemporary society the ambiguity of the rational and irrational, the comprehensible and the unfathomable. This ambiguity is historically necessary. We need signs uncertain in content. This is the twilight condition of convulsiveness. For this reason our relationship with mass culture is interminable. NEOISM?! is a generalized curiosity motivated by a widespread anxiety. One must try everything! NEOISM?! can give you a chance to show off your stuff. It provides everyone with an opportunity for self-disco-very, for exploration of your superficial inner strengths. We want NEOISM?! now. We are tired of waiting. We are tired of listening to bleeding-heart hawks talk and talk and talk about NEOISM?! , but never delivering. We want action, not just talk; not just empty promises. We will soon be rendered visible for all eternity by the greatness of our gestures. Welcome to the coming surprise! She had a big rounded ass. She pointed to her asshole with a sharp redpainted nail. I am a channel. I didn’t write these above statements. As they flowed through me like a wind passes through the tree branches, I captured them and recorded them the way I heard the different messages, sent by the following people: Noam Chomsky, Daniel Guérin, Mikhail Bakunin, Hakim Bey, Graham Masterton, Robert Anton Wilson, SPK, Douglas Davis, Bern Porter, Roy Ascott, Al Hansen, Robert Filliou, Edwige Regenwetter, Ulises Carrión, Romana Loda, Joris-Karl Huysmans, Jerry Rubin, Bob Dylan, JG Ballard, Marino Tuzi, Herbert Huncke, Ronald Anthony Cross, Ursula Pflug, Emil Hoffman, Joe Allah, Melody Summer, PJ Holdstock, Karl Jirgens. At certain moments it’s important to accelerate the process of filling pages with words. At certain moments it’s important to accelerate the process of filling pages with words. At certain moments it’s important to accelerate the process of filling pages with words. At certain moments it’s important to accelerate the process of filling pages with words. At certain moments it’s important to accelerate the process of filling pages with words. At certain moments it’s important to accelerate the process of filling pages with words. At certain moments it’s important to accelerate the process of filling pages with words. At certain moments it’s important to accelerate the process of filling pages with words. At certain moments it’s important to accelerate the process of filling pages with words. At certain moments it’s important to accelerate the process of filling pages with words. At certain moments it’s important to accelerate the process of filling pages with words. The Ghost of NEOISM?! was a poor little black girl from an unfairy tale who never found her way to Akademgorod. Her unnatural superhuman power was defeated by high-tech tracism and left in the dust. There was nothing she could do, so she faded away. But this would be too much like an end phrase and I still have to finish a couple of pages. I have to write about NEOISM?! . I can’t afford not to. If I fall and can’t finish this book I wont be able to pay my debts. I’m talking about my debts to the World. “I have taken your garbage, your shit all my life, but now I’m selling it back to you at a terrorizing price!” Everyone knows that a moment in time cannot possibly be duplicated, not again, not, that is, in its entirety, or full intensity and freshness, or in all its myriad dimension, not, that is, so it is the same moment. I can’t become a salesman. Work is considered fit only for robots. NEOISM?! is for seduction. NEOISM?! is for intelligence. NEOISM?! is for nothing. NEOISM?! is for questions. NEOISM?! is for passion. NEOISM?! is for fucking. NEOISM?! is for propaganda. NEOISM?! is for imitation. BRAINFOREST BRAINFOREST 210 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 211 The afternoon sunlight through the broken and dirty window took on an extraordinary obscurity. I had my pants open and I was absentmindedly masturbating while I read a book about the Russian Revolution. I had just come, when I heard a deep, unknown voice, talking to me in Russian. I immediately knew, without thinking, that it was the voice of Lenin himself, coming to me across the vault of time. The voice was prophetic, tender. It didn’t seem to be coming from my head; in fact, it seemed to be in the room, but no one was there. The peculiar quality of the voice was something unforgettable because it was like God had a human voice, with all the infinite tenderness and mortal gravity of a living Creator speaking to his son. I suddenly had a deeply superficial misunderstanding of The Meaning of NEOISM?! and I realized that I was NEOISM?! . This was the moment I was born for. This initiation, this consciousness of being dead unto NEOISM?! . I looked further, to the clouds. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE DISINTEGRATE! SONIC POSTER highlighting method DISINTEGRATE! 212 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 213 NEOISM?! : does it exist at all and, if so, what does it mean? It is a concept or a practice, a matter of local style or a whole new period or economic phase? What is its form, effect, place? How are we to mark its advent? Is NEOISM?! to be called philosophy, history, social theory or political science? NEOISM?! is precisely the kind of anxiety that some people pay their analyst 75 dollars an hour to avoid. Conspirators of NEOISM?! could not accept NEOISM?! without music. NEOISM?! can be taught through songs and noise only. The Apocalyptic Belief of NEOISM?! that anything goes, that the end of idealogy is here, is simply the inverse of the fatalistic belief that nothing works, that we live under a total system without hope. NEOISM?! definitely presents itself as anti-NEOISM?! . This statement describes an emotional current of our times which has penetrated all spheres of intellectual life. NEOISM?! understands itself as invading unknown territory, exposing itself to the dangers of sudden, shocking encounters, conquering an as yet unoccupied future. NEOISM?! is the cult of the new. NEOISM?! lives on the experience of rebelling against all that is normative. When The Containers of NEOISM?! are shattered, the contents are dispersed. Nothing remains from They seemed like signals of something vaster and more far-reaching than a workman’s hand. We’ll save everyone, take over the Universe and freeze it into a permanent eternal present: The 6 O’Clock of NEOISM?! . The same evening I had had an attack of hysteria in the shower and I was yelling: “All you people on the eighth floor, all you people on the seventh floor, all you people on the sixth floor, everybody on the fifth floor, kids, mothers, fathers, grandparents, you’re all gonna die!” I had drawn my breath out like the howl of an agonized dog at the end of each line until I was winded with the force of it, then I inhaled enormously and I screamed at the top of my voice: “We are healed of NEOISM?! only by experiencing it to the full.” I am forced to the appalling conclusion that I would never have become a writer but for NEOISM?! , and to a realization of the extent to which NEOISM?! has motivated and formulated my writing. NEOISM?! is the noise of vomit, of the Universe vomiting up parts of itself. The only way to find out what NEOISM?! is is to cut up these definitions and get at the meanings hidden inside. NEOISM?! is a fabulous anxiety bringdown. It’s awful. NEOISM?! is an inhuman serpent monster vomiting with anxiety. DISINTEGRATE! DISINTEGRATE! 214 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 215 an early Middle Ages reference to Royal Infallibility and an eighteenth-century slang term for sexually transmitted diseases. One person insisted it was a Russian word meaning the decadence of the ruling classes as exemplified by their taste for the top layer of rancid milk from the butter urn, symbolizing their parasitic feeding on the fat of the working classes. We are pretty sure it does mean something, but we are not really sure what. But we might be wrong. It takes certain courage to be NEOISM?! . The brilliance of The Strategy of NEOISM?! is that by reducing culture to a single story it totalized it and made it possible for the whole thing to be rejected. NEOISM?! is a dialectical twist on philosophy within modern culture. NEOISM?! is associated with deconstruction in literary theory and the redefinition of philosophy. NEOISM?! is a movement with a curious blend of the intensification of certain aspects of technological development with a violent rejection of much of the bourgeois culture. The term NEOISM?! is particularly confusing because it can mean just anything. What NEOISM?! does with philosophy is to attempt to shut down its speculative, visionary, synoptic and systematic impulses. The strategy of this book is not so much to provide an internal analysis of NEOISM?! as to articulate an alternative to NEOISM?! . a desublimated meaning or a destructed form. NEOISM?! represents the fragmentation and decline of critical adversary culture. NEOISM?! claims to be older than Islam. NEOISM?! is not a religion, and ultimately exists above and beyond all labels and categories. NEOISM?! is not available in books. You can’t learn NEOISM?! from this book. You shouldn’t even waste your time reading it. In NEOISM?! oral tradition is the only source for certain information. One may support NEOISM?! as populist and attack NEOISM?! as elitist. The Victory of NEOISM?! is no different that its defeat. NEOISM?! is the dead center where every system crosses the subtle level of reversibility, contradiction and doubt and enters live into its own exalted contemplation, into vextasy. NEOISM?! is virtually inconsequential, open to all possible interpretations, none of which could determine its meaning. NEOISM?! is a journalist’s nightmare. NEOISM?! is an exercise in deliberate misinformation and studied silence. But what does NEOISM?! actually mean? There have been many suggestions. Some of them include: a nineteenth-century scientific discovery relating to particle physics, DISINTEGRATE! DISINTEGRATE! 216 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 217 avoid the harmful ploys of those super-external total authorities. As people become informed about NEOISM?! , they will identify and circumvent those who have previously drained them. As more and more people learn about NEOISM?! , they will increasingly understand that politicians, bureaucrats and other authorities are the creators of greed and stupidity. NEOISM?! can abruptly stop the pain and harm caused by being beaten by the police, manipulated by the media, intimidated by pushy and money-hungry merchants, misled by politicians, stunted by dishonest educators, fouled up by bureaucrats and killed by the government. NEOISM?! puts an end to all those hurts and diminishments that have constantly kept you from becoming the person you’ve always dreamed of— the person you were meant to be. No longer do people have to suffer in silent frustration watching their lives and dreams be quietly drained away. As people gain The Knowledge of NEOISM?! , they will immediately begin using its techniques because they are irresistibly confusing and overwhelmingly futile. Thus as people discover The Unbeatable Disadvantages of NEOISM?! , NEOISM?! will automatically spread throughout the World as the most potent discovery since the Russian Revolution. NEOISM?! is a mushy, I am tired of NEOISM?! . I wish to betray NEOISM?! and indicate an unintended disrespect. NEOISM?! is less negation than it is reconstruction. Everyone knows that NEOISM?! is impossible. By its supercalifragilisticexpialidoxic totalizing negation NEOISM?! is breathlessly presented as a rejection of everything from Plato onward. NEOISM?! has set itself up as the true center of the new. NEOISM?! is the kind of pointless trip that has been celebrated by Kerouac in On the Road . NEOISM?! is a new, integrated method for capturing confusion and chaos everywhere. NEOISM?! has nothing to do with positive thinking, religion, or anything useful. Once you are exposed to NEOISM?! , you can quietly suffer from any situation, anywhere, anytime. NEOISM?! is like cheating, a metaphore for cardsharps, Don Juans, dishonest intellectuals, destructive thinkers. NEOISM?! is definitely based on fraud, collusion, gall, hustling or swindling. NEOISM?! is totally unnatural, thus, it can be executed anytime, anywhere without confidence. NEOISM?! is the worst insurance policy anyone could own: within days, a person with NEOISM?! can lose more power than most people without NEOISM?! can gain in a lifetime. Today, as NEOISM?! spreads, people in steadily increasing numbers can, for the first time, DISINTEGRATE! DISINTEGRATE! 218 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 219 exciting or at least interesting. NEOISM?! is the best subject because everything belongs to NEOISM?! , and I can do jumps, twists, u-turns, de-tournes, errors, I can repeat the same phrase millions of times if I want, or I can create my own words to empty the noise from my brain. kjuriawsejh m,sjmxc km,sksk ks893418732 kjsjdkj kmkas gapqon ewbnvc, jsjh mkasow. I’m almost completely covered with books, there are books on the floor, on the tables, on the shelves, on the chairs, books are hanging from the ceiling, books are nailed to the walls or glued to my jacket. My entire body is vibrating with The Energy of NEOISM?! , drinking up the concentrated force of confusion and feeding it back into a pyramiding intensity that wants to send a hillstop spinning off into eternity. This room is just shaking. NEOISM?! is a book that’s meant to explode in the hands of its enemies. NEOISM?! is a desire to get even, a lust to dominate. NEOISM?! is a need to transcend our entire fucking dirty existance if only for one moment, by the extremes of pain and pleasure. There’s always an inkling of a state of mind, of some malicious black humor behind NEOISM?! . If you don’t like NEOISM?! , you can fuck off. NEOISM?! is a nauseating attention to detail. NEOISM?! combines ugliness and romantic cliché. In NEOISM?! old wounds heal and bad things turn good again. hydra-headed word. Everyone disputes its meaning. NEOISM?! denotes a static assertion that changes from person to person, opinion to opinion, culture to culture. Thus NEOISM?! is a hollow, confusing word that only conspirators of NEOISM?! promulgate in their attempts to gain credibility for their chaotic activities and destructions. NEOISM?! violates ethics and morality. To increase the number of pages written about NEOISM?! you have to use any ideas that come to your mind. But don’t confuse NEOISM?! with automatic writing. There is nothing left for us in the deep waters of the subconscious except for some skeletons and rusted objects. Like an oily liquid NEOISM?! stretches on the surface. Can you deny your relations with NEOISM?! . Can you say that you have nothing to do with it? It’s impossible to like NEOISM?! . Headaches are caused by NEOISM?! , the source of every problem on this planet is NEOISM?! , and of course the solution cannot be anything else than NEOISM?! . I should be able to write much faster without feeling the restrictions of words. NEOISM?! is a language without words, that is presented through words, because we believe in the power of printed information. All I can think about is to finish this chapter and start a new one. I try to figure out a way of writing that lets me just say anything, however, it will be always DISINTEGRATE! DISINTEGRATE! 220 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 221 the nose that knows a rose that’s been called an onion. If you see a two-headed pig, think about NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! , I said. I have heard that word. It’s a cold word. I tried it out, I said still speaking in a low voice. I wrote it down. I wrote it down several times and it always looked like a damn cold lie to me. Where is NEOISM?! ? NEOISM?! repudiates the rhetoric of logical argument, I repeat, and logic is the road that leads to nowhere. NEOISM?! asserts no more than is obvious and nothing is more obvious than NEOISM?! . When I started NEOISM?!|I had no idea of what it was|going to be,|or what I was going to do.|I was a homeless megalomaniac|singing and begging|every day in the subway.|But I told to people I’ve met|that I had a vision of creating a network|that would give ballast|to thousands of tormented souls|who were being tossed about|on the sea of life.|And that was enough,|the rest just happened by itself.|I could never write an insightful,|courageous, rebellious, soulful,|scornful, zany, unafraid, independent,|confusing, chaotic, irresponsible,|outrageous fucking bullshit book about NEOISM?! .|But I’ve read every book I came across and|used the Hi-Liter-Method to mark ideas I liked.|And that was enough. Is it really important to note at the end of each chapter the names of authors from whom I have plundered ideas to write these chapters? Yes, because I know they would/will be happy to know that they didn’t waste their time and energy in publishing useless information. My grateful thanks to the contributors of this chapter: Hal Foster, Jürgen Habermas, Kenneth Frampton, Peter Lamborn Wilson, Jean Baudrillard, Julian Gilbert, Robert Cummings Neville, Barry Miles, Allen Ginsberg, Inke Lubbard, Lucy Manyiuck, Marcel Proust, William S Burroughs, Frank R Wallace, Boris Hozsnyikov, Ho Moi Ukashi, Robert Palmer, Richard Kern, Paul Anthony Woods, Robert Anton Wilson, Friedrich Nietzsche, Wendell Johnson. NEOISM?! is a sick product of the same rabid culture which produced Jesus, Stalin, Hitler and Bob. There is no foul chapter of human history, no dark corner of the human condition that NEOISM?! won’t utilize in some way. It’s very important that we don’t present NEOISM?! as akin to the post-modern aesthetic— no boring, academic descriptions, the way theory is usually written in books. We always have to overdo it! If you want to know all about NEOISM?! , just look at the surface and there it is. There is nothing behind it. NEOISM?! turns the ridicule to its advantage. NEOISM?! is both resisting and anticipating change. NEOISM?! is the freedom to disobey, to say no. NEOISM?! should be tested in that kind of combat which Nietzsche metaphoreically called “war” and Marx called dialectical struggle. NEOISM?! is, roughly, what you do not expect to hear. With NEOISM?! , one is confronted with danger, discomfort, confusion, blood and gold, worry; the first instinct is to abolish these painful sensations. First principle: no explanation is better than another, but always the next one is the best. The search for NEOISM?! is thus conditioned by and excited by the feeling of fear. The question “What is NEOISM?! ?” is not pursued for its own sake but to never find a certain kind of answer that would be pacifying, tranquilizing and soothing. A rose by any other name would never smell the same, and NEOISM?! is DISINTEGRATE! DISINTEGRATE! 222 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 223 Out of the many excellent open-situations created by simple existance (the living of everyday dance and music), one of the best is a train or bus trip from Montreal to New York. The trip begins with a short phase of thinking about what to say at the border (it takes only approximately an hour to get there) and then continues with a long period (if you were lucky and passed the test) of rethinking what happened, taking notes and laughing with full force. The critical part is in-between these two sections, which is also the highest moment of the open-situation, or let’s call it border-conflict. What usually happens is that after searching your bags and pockets the inspector gives you the basic old question “What is NEOISM?! ?”. This is where everything depends. If you don’t want to be returned to the city of Mont-Royal, with that giant cross on its top, you have to pass the test. You are at the Permanent Dictatorial Zone (US border) and you have to answer the above question in order to continue your way towards a Temporary Autonomous Zone (No address). This book contains millions of different definitions of NEOISM?! , however, for your own safety, I do not recommend to use any parts of this book at the US border. But, if you are willing to sacrifice a trip for The Sake of NEOISM?! , and ready to spend a few hours at the border explaining The Philosophical, Social, Psychological, Biological or Tryological Meanings of NEOISM?! , giving false definitions, arguing about unexisting terms, pushing yourself into the most frustrating and most entertaining event of your life, then you should have this book with you, in the form of an unpublished manuscript, hidden in the bottom of your bag. I assure you that they will find it and they will ask you about its origin. Then all you have to say that you are the writer and you intend to publish it in the United States. They will tell you to wait for a minute and then someone will come to take care of you. From that moment try to relax and forget about your future plans. Concentrate only on your present situation and try to turn it into the event of your life. And when you received the question “What is NEOISM?! ?” and the inspectors are breathing flames into your eyes then simply say these: NEOISM?! is the St Vitus Dance of the twentieth century. NEOISM?! means the systematic cultivation of the human failure. In the next thousand years there will be no other ism in history. NEOISM?! is the last and most dangerous ism of the century. We affirm that contradiction is The Basis of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! seeks enlightenment through confusion. The Object of NEOISM?! cannot be recognized until it is found—and even then, it may not be recognized. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE IN SITU IN SITU Self-enclosed Band HARD TO FIGURE OUT WHY melodic ornamentation 224 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 225 been and always will be. NEOISM?! never died. NEOISM?! is immortal. NEOISM?! oppose all forms of law and authority. The History of NEOISM?! has been written, re-invented, deleted, lost, burned, retrieved countless times. Events that never even happened are now universal reference points. Jokes and pranks have become campaigns waged with military precision by groups of twisted geniuses. And a bunch of consXpirators who were, well, sorta bored and just hangin’ out... have become The Icons of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! bridges the gap between academia and pop by holding together the severed cables of high and low culture and setting everything on fire in the process. NEOISM?! is a form of sensationalism. NEOISM?! is anti-intellectual theater; it’s theater for the people. NEOISM?! is the inexact expression to designate something exactly. I have not come to any great conclusions to the question of what is NEOISM?! . I constantly have to explain my opinions and my ideas. I’m not going to tell you what to do with your life, and I don’t care what you think of mine. The thing about NEOISM?! is that you don’t have to do anything but what feels totally confusing and alien. Someone has done it before even if they haven’t necessarily called it NEOISM?! . The same process has been repeated time and time again by different people. The Power of NEOISM?! is in its superficial complexity. NEOISM?! is highly speculative, superficial and inconclusive. The Book of NEOISM?! does not provide the reader with practical instructions on how to come to grips with and rise above The Mysterious and Generally Confusing Phenomenon of NEOISM?! , a fiction that plays a vital role in reshaping humanity. NEOISM?! is an alien, antipodal event that occurs with regularity. NEOISM?! aims at the systematic subordination of individual behavior to false social norms. NEOISM?! is not simply the perennial revolt of youth, but a revolt against the specific horrors of modern society. NEOISM?! is irrespective of the doctrine it preaches. NEOISM?! is capable of releasing a powerful flow of activity demanding blind faith and single-hearted allegiance. However different the holy causes people die for, they die basically for the same thing: NEOISM?! . Many who join NEOISM?! are attracted by the prospect of sudden and spectacular change in their condition of life. NEOISM?! is a conspicuous instrument of change. NEOISM?! is the most copious and durable source of enthusiasm. NEOISM?! favors radical change. It is understandable that those who fail NEOISM?! involves a total commitment to confusion. NEOISM?! is like a random train journey, made from unspecified points of departure, to unspecified points of arrival. NEOISM?! has infested much of our mental community with its destructive reprogramming. By understanding that NEOISM?! is society’s programmed revolutionary agent within us, we start to realize why we are so fractured and confused. NEOISM?! takes on a powerful symbolic meaning that has far-reaching consequences. A single word, NEOISM?! , can change the meaning of all the words that surround it. When viewed from a planetary scale, NEOISM?! might appear quite meaningless, like the individual letters on a page of text. But we shouldn’t despair that NEOISM?! is therefore pointless. There is a sub-NEOISM?! level that supports NEOISM?! , which supports the total arena of life. Understanding The Nature of NEOISM?! , we also understand the nature of our own identity. NEOISM?! is something larger, something unlimited, unafraid of any threat or intimidation. NEOISM?! is something that can withstand the tumultuous times of a failing society. NEOISM?! can be explained as quantum interactions in an ultra-physical world. NEOISM?! is a phenomena that exists below and above our ability to monitor by physical means, because it exists outside of our realm of position and scale. Death, destruction and sorrow are as much a part of NEOISM?! as life, creation and joy. The Destructive Forces of NEOISM?! are every bit as necessary as the constructive. To build the new, the old must fall. Life depends upon death. NEOISM?! is the eternal cycle of birth, change, death and rebirth. NEOISM?! cannot be taught. It is not a theory. It is a way of life, a way of being in the World, an attitude. NEOISM?! takes as many forms as there are individuals. The Eventual Goal of NEOISM?! is to provide a single and confusing nontheory that describes the whole Universe. One can imagine that God created NEOISM?! at the concert of the Big Band, or even afterwards in just such a way as to make it look as though there had been a Big Band, but it would be meaningless to suppose that it was created before the Big Band concert. We go about our daily life understanding almost nothing of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is not entropy. NEOISM?! is not death. NEOISM?! is not commodity. NEOISM?! is continual and total action. NEOISM?! always has IN SITU IN SITU 226 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 227 blame of failure on the shoulders of the individual. NEOISM?! is to be free from freedom. Where freedom is real, NEOISM?! is the passion of the individual. ConsXpirators of NEOISM?! are restless, dissatisfied and haunted by the fear that their best years will be wasted before they reach their goal. The reader is expected to quarrel with much that is said in this book. She is likely to feel that much has been exaggerated and much ignored. But this is not an authoritative textbook. It is a book of thoughts, and it does not shy away from half-truths so long as they seem to hint at a new approach and help formulate new questions. To illustrate a principle one must exaggerate much and omit much. NEOISM?! is whatever it may be. NEOISM?! is largely a theatrical concept. There is no striving for NEOISM?! without a vivid awareness of an audience—the knowledge that our mighty deeds will come to the ears of our contemporaries. NEOISM?! champions the present against the future. NEOISM?! is a faded and distorted reflection of a vast unknown throbbing underneath and beyond us. You are going to die within a few minutes and you have a chance to give your last message to the World through the media. What would you say? NEOISM?! is impelled to reject, renounce and distrust. NEOISM?! seeps through a crack in the iron wall of inexorable reality. NEOISM?! prays not only for daily blood, but also for daily confusion. Who knows NEOISM?! knows the reason of all things. NEOISM?! is a master key to all the World’s problems. With NEOISM?! the World can be taken apart and put together. NEOISM?! is unverifiable. When some part of NEOISM?! is relatively simple, there is a tendency among consXpirators to complicate and obscure it. NEOISM?! is primarily interested in confusion. NEOISM?! is presented as the embodiment of the one and only truth. NEOISM?! is unborn, eternal, ever-existing, undying and primeval. NEOISM?! is the word from which all things are and all things speak. NEOISM?! must not be understood because we can be certain only about things we do not understand. If NEOISM?! would be understood it would be shorn of its strength. should incline to blame NEOISM?! for their failure. The remarkable thing is that the successful, too, are at base-level convinced that their success is The Result of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the possession of some irresistible power. Differences between the conservative and the radical seem to spring mainly from their attitude toward NEOISM?! . Fear of NEOISM?! causes us to lean against and cling to the present, while faith in NEOISM?! renders us receptive to change. Both the rich and the poor, the strong and the weak, they who have achieved much or little, can be afraid of NEOISM?! . When the present seems so perfect that the most we can expect is its even continuation in the future, NEOISM?! can only mean deterioration. Those who live full, happy lives usually set their faces against drastic innovations. The conservatism of invalids and people past middle age stems, too, from The Fear of NEOISM?! . The abjectly poor are also without faith in NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! seems to them a booby trap buried on the road ahead. NEOISM?! is to ask for trouble. NEOISM?! can draw strength from the most ridiculous sources of power—a slogan, a word, a button, a sticker. NEOISM?! is the key to the book of the future. To plunge headlong into NEOISM?! we must be intensely discontented yet not destitute, and we must have the feeling that by The Possession of NEOISM?! we have access to a source of irresistible power. ConsXpirators of NEOISM?! must be wholly ignorant of the difficulties involved in their vast undertaking. Experience is a handicap. Among The Early Adherents of NEOISM?! there are also adventurers who join in the hope that the movement will whirl them to fame and power. NEOISM?! satisfies the passion of self-renunciation. The Vanity of NEOISM?! is boundless. NEOISM?! is a desperate need for something apart from us to live for. NEOISM?! is a desperate clinging to something which might give worth and meaning to our futile, spoiled lives. NEOISM?! is necessarily passionate and extreme. Altars of NEOISM?! should be raised everywhere bearing the same inscription: NEOISM?! is something you spent your whole life escaping from. NEOISM?! is a migration—a movement toward the Promised Land. The discarded and the rejected are usually The Raw Material of NEOISM?! . The stone that builders reject becomes the cornerstone of a new World: NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! preaches the immediate end of the World and the kingdom of chaos. NEOISM?! is an opium of the people. NEOISM?! places the whole IN SITU IN SITU 228 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 229 tend to do then is to manufacture some additional pieces that we add to the fragments to make them a whole, a pseudo-system. The foregoing considerations are important if someone want to understand The Concept of NEOISM?! . Is the NEOISM?! of Gordon W the same as the NEOISM?! of tENTATIVELY, a cONVENIENCE, of Boris Wanowitch, of Cathod Ray, of Gen Ken, of Kiki Bobon, of RU Sevol? And if it is not the same, is there nevertheless some experimental substratum common to the concept as used by these various consXpirators, or might it be that while such a common ground exists in the case of some, it does not exist with regard to others. If a six-year-old boy says to his mother, “NEOISM?! NOW!”, he uses the word NEOISM?! to denote the experience he has at the age of six. When the child has matured and developed into a man, the same words spoken to a friend he loves will have a different meaning, expressing a wider range, a greater freedom and activity that distinguishes the NEOISM?! of a little boy from that of a grown-up. Yet while the experience to which the word NEOISM?! refers is different in the child and in the man, it has a common core, just as the man is different from the child and yet the same. This book represents the development of ideas over a long period of time, and these ideas will continue developing over an even longer period, after NEOISM?! has been codified. By NEOISM?! I refer to a global philosophy that emphasizes the oneness of the human race, the capacity of people to develop their own powers and to arrive at inner chaos and the establishment of a confusing World. NEOISM?! considers the goal of people to be that of total freedom, and this implies penetrating through fictions and illusions to a full awareness of criminal law. The Roots of NEOISM?! are in the real life of society. NEOISM?! by itself succeeds mainly with the frustrated. Their throbbing fears, hopes and passions crowd at the portals of their senses and get between them and the outside World. They cannot see but what they have already imagined, and it is the music of their own souls they hear in The Impassioned Words of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a search for a final and irrefutable demonstration that our absolute truth is indeed just one of the many truths. NEOISM?! is a movement out of the void. What are the talents requisite for NEOISM?! ? Exceptional intelligence, noble character and originality seem neither indispensable nor perhaps desirable. The main requirements seem to be: audacity and joy in defiance; an iron will; a fanatical conviction; faith and luck; a delight in spectacles and ceremonials. How pleasant it is to repeat it constantly: I am confident that there truly is such a thing as NEOISM?! , and that NEOISM?! springs from the dead. OK throw NEOISM?! out. Explore my statements. Explore the situation. Statements are expandable. Don’t keep on looking in the rear-view mirror and defending the status quo, which is outmoded the moment it happens. NEOISM?! explores, it doesn’t explain. You are drawn into NEOISM?! as an inner trip. You’re totally involved. You have no objectivity, no distance. And it is acoustic. It resonates. NEOISM?! itself is very, very polluting. It goes right into the nervous system. NEOISM?! as a form of quest for Akademgorod is something the people who have been ripped off feel in need of. It is important to understand that NEOISM?! is not a component nor an objective nor a target, but only a resonant interval or interface. NEOISM?! is a natural attempt to re-establish and to re-discover the nature of one’s being. NEOISM?! is the creation of a new World, never seen before. NEOISM?! posits an entirely new World view which shifts cultural values from a death-oriented, commemorative, past-enshrining culture to a life-oriented, present-oriented civilization. To a healthy mind NEOISM?! is immensely entertaining. It seems obvious that the most important things should be the most entertaining. NEOISM?! is naturally negentropic—it tends toward disorder, dissipation, incoherence. An increase in negentropy means the increase in the ability to change. The ability to change is the most urgent need facing consXpirators of NEOISM?! . If there is any knowledge to be gained through NEOISM?! , it is the experience rather than a knowledge of the subject itself. Where beauty ends is where NEOISM?! begins. The Very Essence of NEOISM?! is that it has a name. Every thing has a name because it is complete in time and space. NEOISM?! is who I am. NEOISM?! can never adequately express the experience it refers to. It points to it, but it is not it. When we know some fragments of NEOISM?! we want to complete them in such a way that they make no sense in a systematic way. Yet by the very nature of the limitations of communication we always have only fragmentary knowledge of NEOISM?! , and never complete knowledge. What we IN SITU IN SITU 230 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 231 One of The Most Striking Traits of NEOISM?! is a readiness to imitate both friend and foe, both past and contemporary models. NEOISM?! can find no peace in a stable social order—old or new. NEOISM?! feels at home only in a state of chaos. The Tasks of NEOISM?! are to warn, to advise, to urge, to glorify and to denounce. The Blindness of NEOISM?! is a source of strength. St Bernard of Clairvaux could walk all day by the lake of Geneva and never see the lake. NEOISM?! sees no obstacles. NEOISM?! is ready for all manner of new reactions, new combinations, new beginnings. At this very moment, perchance, NEOISM?! is in the making; and you have part in it! In NEOISM?! the individual who pits herself against coercion does not feel like an isolated human atom but of a mighty race—her rebellious ancestors. NEOISM?! , whose very structure is more then paradox, makes paradox a slave language in itself, discovering the myth hidden within it. NEOISM?! is, in effect, one image continually transforming into other images: datamorphosis. NEOISM?! is the ultra-dramatic anti-analysis of reaction. In NEOISM?! all elements are equally important and significant. NEOISM?! subsumes the conventional sense of time by interconnecting and interpenetrating the temporal dimension with images that exist outside of time. The most descriptive term for NEOISM?! is ‘personal’ because it’s only an extension of the consXpirator’s central nervous system. The reader should not interpret NEOISM?! as an attempt to categorize or label a phenomenon that has no definition. NEOISM?! is the most counter-revolutionary philosophy in the entire spectrum of technoanarchy. NEOISM?! generates a false sense of creativity. NEOISM?! renders everything obsolete as communicator of the subjective human condition. This implosive, self-revealing, consciousness-expanding process is irreversible. NEOISM?! is the electronic manifestation of superego. NEOISM?! is the software of confusion. NEOISM?! is invisible. NEOISM?! is the only non-aesthetic language suited to the new environment with its multi-dimensional simulsensory network of information sources. NEOISM?! is the only non-aesthetic tool that even approaches the fiction continuum of existance in the nonlinear atmosphere of Plundernetic Age. NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! IN SITU IN SITU 232 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 233 error by saying no more than NEOISM?! . Although The Formal Position of NEOISM?! does not raise problems of its own, its meaning opens a potentially unlimited realm of questions, in spite of its apparent obscurity. NEOISM?! disappears the instant I fall asleep. NEOISM?! escapes the mode of being of discourse—in other words the dynasty of representation—and plunderary communication develops from itself, forming a network in which each point is distinct, distant from even its closest neighbors, and has a position in relation to every other point in a space that simultaneously holds and separates them all. NEOISM?! lets only its empty emplacement appear. NEOISM?! has thought us and that thought leads us to the deepest misery. NEOISM?! is dangerous because its end product of thought and attitude results, eventually, if carried out in action, in danger and disharmony and chaos. NEOISM?! is a series of half-truths, verbal cleverness and dangerous ideas expressed in speciopus and dextrous verbiage. NEOISM?! has a marvelous irresponsible sense of humor. To divide one kind of activity from an another would be contrary to The Spirit of NEOISM?! . The United States of America is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Canada is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . France is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Germany is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Hungary is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Italy is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Japan is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . China is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Albania is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Iran is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Afghanistan is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Borneo is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Jamaica is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Australia is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . India is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Israel is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Cuba is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Romania is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Austria is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Poland is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Denmark is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Bulgaria is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . England is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Mongolia is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Mexico is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Algeria is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! recognizes that chaos is order on another level. If we have tolerated a certain absence of discipline, it has been in favor of a freedom through which new language hopefully would be developed. With a (con)fusion of aesthetic sensibilities and technological innovation that language finally has been achieved. NEOISM?! has emerged as the only non-aesthetic language to match the environment in which we survive. NEOISM?! , by its overcalifragilisticexpialidogshit totalizing negation of everything, has set itself up as the fake center of inventions. Everyone knows NEOISM?! is impossible. NEOISM?! is of only marginal historical interest. NEOISM?! is less negation than it is reconstruction. I don’t have to betray the point of this book to indicate disrespect to NEOISM?! . What NEOISM?! does with philosophy is to attempt to shut down its speculative, visionary, synoptic and systematic impulses. NEOISM?! reduces culture to a single story and makes it possible for the whole thing to be rejected. The term NEOISM?! is particularly confusing because it can mean anything. NEOISM?! is a movement now associated with de-reconstruction in plunderary theory, fuckoff philosophy and the redefinition of communication. NEOISM?! is a dialectical twist within itself. What is NEOISM?! ? How can we know? These are entrancing problems for the shallow thinker, and have been written upon frequently and at great length. But none of these ideas are good for anything. NEOISM?! is the best defensive weapon against the dangers and trials of alien existance. We can attain the uncertainty through NEOISM?! of much that cannot be justified on rational grounds. NEOISM?! lays great stress on action, and upon intuition through action, and it holds that when the intellect fails there is a possibility of the practical problem of life being solved through a life of action, when life is directed towards the lowest ideals. NEOISM?! means, in terms of the Plundertronic Age, that a totally new environment has been created. The new environment radically reprocesses the old one. NEOISM?! as anti-environment becomes more than ever a means of training perception. NEOISM?! is programmed for discovery rather than instruction. NEOISM?! is in itself neither good nor bad; it is the way it is used that determines its value. I am protected by The Impenetrable Fortress of NEOISM?! , by the way it coincides exactly with itself, leaving no jagged edges, averting all danger of IN SITU IN SITU 234 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 235 This chapter was not written by one person, nor dictated by God. It expresses the genius of people struggling for life and freedom throughout many generations. Among them: Rolando Perez, Stephen W Hawking, Hakim Bey, Patrick Kroupa, Fenton Bailey, Harvey Lichtenstein, Félix Guattari, Ann Magnuson, Chris Robinson, AC Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, Daniel Cohn-Bendit, Eric Hoffer, Walter Bagehot, Socrates, Marshall McLuhan, Gene Youngblood, Barbara Rose, Susan Sontag, Erich Fromm, Confucius, Robert Cummings Neville, Rudolf Eucken, Michel Foucault, Louis Ginsberg, John Cage, Barry Miles. Madagascar is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . South Africa is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Greece is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Iraq is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Panama is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Uruguay is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Spain is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Somalia is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Belgium is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Portugal is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Korea is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Norway is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Ireland is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Finland is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Nigeria is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Argentina is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Yugoslavia is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Brazil is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . Switzerland is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . She had run down the hallways barefoot, banging on all the doors, scaring the old ladies in their rooms. Then she had barricaded herself under the bed with her suitcase and was screaming about NEOISM?! . Anyway. I think this will be enough. I don’t even think you’ll have time to tell them all. They will stop you right away. As long as one human being is stupid, the entire human race is stupid. Get the fuck out! Do you really want to pass this border? Who cares about that fucking shit. Go somewhere else. Leave this planet. It was enough. We don’t like the way the World is. And it seems to be impossible to stop this constantly growing misery. As long as one human being lives in misery, the whole human race lives in misery. What else I have to learn again and again? To repeat the same fucking words? IN SITU IN SITU 236 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 237 It’s snowing, I’m watching it and I’m fascinated. I feel like jumping up and down. I put on my red hat. My skin looks gold. These books around me are crying because I step on them or throw them away. Last night I wrote four pages and I felt really good because my writing sounded meaningless, superficial, irresponsible and chaotic. I have to keep my eyes on the keyboard and look at the screen at the same time, however, between phrases, I stop for a few seconds and look at the spectacle of falling little white points, again and again. My windows are blocked by another building and I can see only a narrow line of the grey sky, but this way the snowflakes are more visible because they pass in front of an old, gray wall. The snow is just unreal. It was cold in the living room. I felt nothing but cold. The flames were cold TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE NEW ISSUE NEW ISSUE 238 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 239 I’ll never become a writer. I don’t want to become a writer. Writing is a waste of time. And that’s the only reason that makes me stick to writing. Futility. I went to sleep and I had probably no dreams. Or I had some dreams but I couldn’t remember anything this morning. I like to dream when I’m awake. The noise from upstairs is very magic. It pulls me out of my chair, and I fly through the ceiling, into the third floor. A few wet-looking and very thin living creatures are pushing things in and out of a machine. Their plastic skin is covered with some wet stuff, oily and reddish liquid. They are probably blind. There is a huge aquarium in the middle of the room. It is filled with the reddish/oily liquid and one of the creatures is bathing in it. When (s)he jumps out I can’t see any sign of sex on his/her body. But before I could make more discoveries I fell back to my chair. This noise from upstairs is just too ecstatic. Words are useless, they don’t make me horny. in my eyes. And wet. The window was covered and when I opened the curtain everything seemed to be very dark outside. There was nothing behind the curtain. No yard, no street, no city, no country. But today my skin has changed its color and I’m ready for a new beginning. I’m surrounded by the noise of beauty. And I have to record everything. What I want to say is not written in this book. Text is a continuity of words. I always enjoyed aimless wandering in foreign cities. I spin around to get dizzy. My head gets bigger and bigger. No turning back. I don’t like to write because I have to spend too much time in front of my computer, sitting on a boring chair, holding my back straight. Writing is the last thing I want to do. NEW ISSUE NEW ISSUE 240 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 241 But a few minutes later everything becomes clear and I can read the remaining darkest obscurity without any pain. I don’t know when things will change and when I’ll be able to make love to a hundred-year-old tree again. The names are the most important, and the titles. The flowers and the plants in the park are less important. I hold a camera in each hand and I document the continuity of the elimination of the present. Since how many years? I’m not worried about my death at all. I worried about my resurrection. Is it really late? No. It’s always 6 o’clock. The Vextasy of NEOISM?! . Vertical reality. I surrender myself to spiritual absoluteness. I want to surpass the capacity of reason. And I can’t find what I’m looking for. I don’t know what I’m looking for. I have this camera in my hand and I’m recording everything that happens. This noise upstairs is getting louder. It has a rhythmic beat. I’m looking forward to meeting someone in the street when I walk home from my office. I walk down on Richmond street to Spadina, I turn right, cross Spadina at Queen and walk to Euclid. Usually I stop at the Future Bakery and buy a loaf of bread. There are a few bookstores on the way, but besides that nothing exciting. I give some change to a couple of beggars. I have to throw away most of my writings because I never like any of them. For all my life I have been video addicted. With a video camera in my hand I could write much better. When I look at something through my video camera my heartbeat gets faster and I feel the adrenalin in my blood. I’m fucking the World and reproducing every moment. It’s sunny today and I feel empty. My eyes are dry. I should get up and leave this room. I should never come back. There are moments when I am not sure about the present, and I don’t know what I’m looking for here. NEW ISSUE NEW ISSUE 242 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 243 Akademgorod, blood and gold. I should stop here and come back later. I’m not escaping boredom but I try to get away from the aesthetic elements of literature. It is possible to use words without respect and linguistic politeness. The spectacle of flying white points continues. It’s even better today. There are more of them and they look faster. I pick one snowflake and try to follow it until it disappears from my view. It’s hard work to follow a snowflake with a video camera. Especially if the wind changes force and direction. I always wanted to document the life of a snowflake, from the moment it is born in the sky to the moment it falls on the Earth and melts. And I never made this tape. It’s Saturday afternoon. I’m reading 15 books I push myself up and burst through the ceiling. They are all bathing in the aquarium and licking each other’s body. That’s great. The oily water must make their skin feel more sensible. Their tongues are blue and long. Are they paid for this? What do they produce? I can’t answer to these questions because I can’t talk to them. They can’t even see me. They are blind. And probably deaf. Too much connection between thoughts makes writing really formal and boring. I have to make a phone call. No answer. Meanwhile somebody is walking in the street and wants to kill someone. He has a revolver in his pocket and he is walking very slowly. Millions of people are waiting for something to happen. I look up into the sky, there is my enemy: God, wearing my 6 o’clock t-shirt and Fuck NEOISM?! sign, holding a flaming steamiron and talking into a megaphony, ranting about confusion, total freedom, chaos, NEW ISSUE NEW ISSUE 244 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 245 of the collection on fastforward. But to look at the tapes from the beginning to the end won’t be possible to anyone. Who wants to waste 35 years to watch the life of someone else on video? It could be an amazing experience! A whole generation grew up the same way. I’m sure that there are many other ‘whole life video archives’ of the same kind around the World. But what will happen to the tapes when we die? Who will be interested to see them again? Who the fuck will have time to watch them? My father had spent all of his time recording my childhood on video. I was born in 1979. I know my mother only from video. She died of cancer when I was one year old. My father recorded her last words. She looked like an angel in a concentration camp. “My little boy” she whispered. “I can’t help you.” I was three years old when my father gave me a camera simultaneously. I don’t even know why I have to do this. Why am I fascinated by useless words? My camera is on a tripod in front of me. I look at it from time to time and I say something, make a grimace or spit blood. Every moment has to be kept, saved and taken further. Everything that belongs to me is me. Now it’s already Sunday. The white flying flakes disappeared and everything is gray and silent. The pseudo-aliens upstairs are gone. The whole building is empty. I am 40 years old today and I decided to stop doing new things. I want to devote the rest of my life to look at what I have done in the past. It wont be difficult because I have almost all my life on video. The video archive of my life consists of thousands of tapes and video discs. I calculate that I would need approximately 35 years to look at them from the beginning to the end. If I don’t take my time to see these tapes again who else will? Some people perhaps would be interested to see parts NEW ISSUE NEW ISSUE 246 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! THIRD VOLUME 247 we do, in fact, affirm its power. But now it’s over. The Negative Pseudology of NEOISM?! leads, in its ultimate consequence to The End of NEOISM?! . How can there be NEOISM?! when there is nothing one can say or think about NEOISM?! . Up until yesterday afternoon I was still taping everything. At 6 o’clock I threw my camera into the garbage. I have to give it up. I don’t know exactly why. It happened very sudden, like a sickness. From now on I don’t want to do anything else than watch my life on video. I want to see The Story of NEOISM?! , my life. The story I know so well from the beginning to the end that I won’t be surprised at all. Amen. No need to mention here any other authors as for this chapter I only plundered from my own deserted mind and we continued to document our life together. My father was still using a Super-8 film camera, but sometimes he used b/w reel-to-reel video equipment, borrowed from the gallery where he was employed. From 1982 he bought a new video camera almost every year and by the end of the 80s he was producing really high quality tapes. He died in 2005. He wanted me to continue his mission. He called it a mission. I videotaped his agony. Of course at that time I was already completely absorbed and obsessed by the idea of duplicating my life on video. I was only 26. It was clear to me, that every time I establish by proof of negation of a thing in reference to NEOISM?! , I become more perfect, while with every additional positive assertion I follow my imagination and recede from The True Knowledge of NEOISM?! . By denying NEOISM?! , we do, in fact, affirm NEOISM?! . By denying NEOISM?! , NEW ISSUE NEW ISSUE BOOKS FOR FUEL Akademgorod SUPERNOVA 250 FASHION 262 REALITY FLUID 274 SHAPESHIFTER 286 PESTILENCE 298 BULLSHIT 312 FOURTH VOLUME 250 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 251 Hi, I am Monty Cantsin?, extraterrestrial sexworker and galaxian timetravel agent. My petite breasts are extremely ultrasensitive. I’m very oral and you should be too in order to better understand each others’ idealogy and the NEOISM?! philosophy. I’m looking for someone human to have some more intimate research of multi-orgasmic body-terrorism and more experience in these fields of disorder to maximize my work on my nonplusultra-conceptual writing project, The Book of NEOISM?! . My NEOISM?! is intended primarily for subvertainment with the objective of incognito-ergo-sum-sexual arousal. My inspiration comes from the everyday robotarian misery but I am open to most anything from flaming iron rituals to coat hanger cult bondage via file cabinet gang-bang. My spaceship just arrived here. Take a day or two to adapt and start communicate. Atmospheric pressure, 6o’clock timezone, language barriers, etc. Mild disorientation familiar to all galactic nomads. Then, in the first week of February, strange luminous bodies appeared also in the skies over Oregon, Nevada, New England and the Canadian province of Quebec. On 14 February it was the turn of California and New Mexico. Finally, as the North American sightings multiplied, the discs made fugitive appearances elsewhere as well. In fact, on 14 February a flying saucer was reported from South Africa. This object, which appeared to the naked eye to be about the size of a phonograph record, circled for some 15 minutes at a high altitude over Johannesburg. Then, after giving off a dense cloud of smoke, it disappeared rapidly upward. On the same day, in Sydney, Australia, a number of persons observed the passage of a swift, shining object—appearing oval in shape because of its angle to the horizon—whose structure tallied with descriptions given by American and Canadian observers. After the first two weeks of February, the skies of the entire western hemisphere, virtually from pole to pole, were pierced silently and mysteriously by The Phantom Saucers of NEOISM?! . The takeover party of Monty Cantsin? has begun. I grew up surrounded by NEOISM?! and I always try not to use it in any cynical manner. I use it to penetrate mass consciousness—to communicate to people. NEOISM?! is the only vocabulary that I know how to manipulate. It’s full of confusion, chaos, contradictions. If I could manipulate another vocabulary to communicate more clearly, I would. But only NEOISM?! is the one I believe in. NEOISM?! is the most famous catalyst in post-ultrascientific illegal alien history. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE SUPERNOVA A day of fucking with God SUPERNOVA systematic cultivation of failure 252 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 253 Very bright novas result from actual explosions of massive stars and are now called supernovas. In this book we associate supernovas with NEOISM?! and NEOISM?! with supernovas. Supernova=NEOISM?!=Red Giant NEOISM?! is a porn-star. When I first met her she had her top on, but she had no pants on. She was going to insert a 12-inch red dildo inside her, as part of a porn movie. I enjoyed very much that she was standing there without any pants on, holding a big red dildo. I was attracted to her immediately. I recognized the totality of her supernova beauty. I wanted to be that red, giant dildo. The Red Giant Dildo of NEOISM?! The next morning I get up with the conviction that I’ll find The Definition of NEOISM?! . There is that fine light tension which augurs well. My notebook lies beside me. I pick it up and riffle the pages absent-mindedly. I riffle them again—this time more attentively. The notes are arranged in grammatically incorrect cryptic lines: a simple phrase may record a year’s struggle. Some of the lines reads strangely, I cannot decipher any more myself—my biographers and editors will take care of them. NEOISM?! is the extension of my mind outside my head. NEOIST?!s use breath control to generate body heat and alter their consciousness. People claim to have seen them streaking across the desert at superhuman speed. Some of these NEOIST?!s wall themselves up in tombs, living with the decaying corpses to contradict the reality of mortality and enhance their spirit of eternal life. People put their ears to the tomb and the NEOIST?! speaks to them. The NEOIST?! always talks about NEOISM?! and only about NEOISM?! . Because there is nothing beside and beyond NEOISM?! . Especially when you’ve lived in a tomb since your fourteenth birthday. This is not a book. No. This is just a prolonged insult, a gob of bloody spit in the face of history, a kick in the pants to Monty Cantsin? and NEOISM?! . I’m frittering away my talents. I’m just singing a song, off key, but I’m singing. And I will sing while your croak, I will dance over your grave. This book is not a book. This book is what I’m singing. This book makes me sing: I am Monty Cantsin?. I had just completed a discussion about NEOISM?! with a conspirator. He sat back and looked to one side. Then a dozen or so small bright points of light The alchemists of old sought methods for turning base metals into gold. They failed, and so it seemed to them that some essential ingredient was missing in their recipes. The more imaginative among them conceived of a substance which, if added to the mixture they were heating (or whatever) would suffice to produce a great deal of gold and it could be recovered and used again, no doubt. No one had ever seen this substance but it was described, for some reason, as a wet, hot, sexy, extraterrestrial material. The ancient Arabic alchemists called al-iksir what was ‘translated’ by Europeans to elixir. The amazing elixir was bound to have marvelous properties, it was a cure for all diseases and the secret cocktail of immortality: the elixir of life. In this book we refer to it as NEOISM?! . I’m doing everything in The Name of NEOISM?! and in The Service of NEOISM?! . Biological sculpting is one of my recent projects. With my partner Krista Goddess Ceres we have created Jericho, Babylon and Nineveh. We are raising our children as architects raise cities. They are the foundation of a New Babylonian World that incorporates the remains of ancient culture. The Seeds of NEOISM?! were planted by fallen angels and alien fuckoffs in Mesopotamia sometime around 8000 BC, somewhere in the triangle of these three cities, Jericho, Babylon and Nineveh. Since then every book has been written, except for the most important one: The Book of NEOISM?! . The Book of NEOISM?! is my mission, I had to start it and I’ll finish it. When it has been done no more books will be necessary anymore for you and nobody. The Book of NEOISM?! won’t be just simply added to the Bible but it will replace the Bible. It will replace all the literature of your human history from cuneiform tablets to digital transcripts. NEOISM?! is a supernova that has been a star, three times as massive as the sun. It takes only half a billion years for a massive star to use up its fuel. That is one reason that there are so few really massive stars. They do not last long. Besides, the more massive a star is, the larger it expands when it becomes a Red Giant, and the more suddenly it collapses when fuel is finally used up. When a Red Giant collapses suddenly enough, it explodes in the process. The more massive it is, the greater the explosion. When a star explodes, it uses up all the hydrogen fuel still left in its layers. It does this very rapidly and the star glows up to 100 billion times as brightly as it did before, and it may keep on doing so for a few weeks. Sometimes a dim star, one that is too dim to see without a telescope, becomes so bright it can be seen. To the astronomers before the invention of the telescope, it seemed that a new star had appeared in the sky. It was therefore called nova (Latin for new). SUPERNOVA SUPERNOVA 254 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 255 I don’t care about NEOISM?! at all, he repeated it a few times like a loopmachine. NEOISM?! sucks, it’s all bullshit, it only confuses people and makes them even more afraid to communicate. They don’t want total freedom and revolution, they want jobs. They want money. They don’t want to struggle like Monty Cantsin?s do without a cent in their pocket, holding up the flaming iron. They don’t want to spend their money on rubber cement, fuck, they want cars, suburban houses and holydays. What NEOISM?! teaches is exactly what nobody wants, what nobody needs, what nobody understands. So I just don’t want to hear anything anymore about NEOISM?! . I don’t care about NEOISM?! at all, he repeated it a few times like a loopmachine. NEOISM?! sucks, it’s all bullshit, it only confuses people and makes them even more afraid to communicate. They don’t want total freedom and revolution, they want jobs. They want money. They don’t want to struggle like Monty Cantsin?s do without a cent in their pocket, holding up the flaming iron. They don’t want to spend their money on rubber cement, fuck, they want cars, suburban houses and holydays. What NEOISM?! teaches is exactly what nobody wants, what nobody needs, what nobody understands. So I just don’t want to hear anything anymore about NEOISM?! . I don’t care about NEOISM?! at all, he repeated it a few times like a loopmachine. NEOISM?! sucks, it’s all bullshit, it only confuses people and makes them even more afraid to communicate. They don’t want total freedom and revolution, they want jobs. They want money. They don’t want to struggle like Monty Cantsin?s do without a cent in their pocket, holding up the flaming iron. They don’t want to spend their money on rubber cement, fuck, they want cars, suburban houses and holydays. What NEOISM?! teaches is exactly what nobody wants, what nobody needs, what nobody understands. So I just don’t want to hear anything anymore about NEOISM?! . I write without thinking, like a machine, non-stop, putting down seemingly correct phrases about NEOISM?! , but without any logical order. What makes me different from other writers is the fact that I’m not considering myself a writer and I know that writing is unimportant. Anyone can do it. Come and discover the height of sensuality at the NEOIST?! Embassy. Come and pamper yourself in bread-hat ceremonies at our ongoing international Apartment Festival. As he goes around me and holds my ass, he keeps talking to me, explaining his own understanding about NEOISM?! . He thinks that NEOISM?! is the only important philosophical material that has some meaning and practical use as well. He pushes his hard cock up against my ass and gets ready to fuck me. appeared and danced over his head. Amazed, I wondered what was happening. Soon the scintillations stopped, and he delivered an oral summary of the hyper-confusion ultra-theory to be re-established throughout the network. The insane lucidity of his anti-synthesis awed me. I don’t care about NEOISM?! at all, he repeated it a few times like a loopmachine. NEOISM?! sucks, it’s all bullshit, it only confuses people and makes them even more afraid to communicate. They don’t want total freedom and revolution, they want jobs. They want money. They don’t want to struggle like Monty Cantsin?s do without a cent in their pocket, holding up the flaming iron. They don’t want to spend their money on rubber cement, fuck no, they want cars, suburban houses and holydays. What NEOISM?! teaches is exactly what nobody wants, what nobody needs, what nobody understands. So I just don’t want to hear anything anymore about NEOISM?! . He got up, took a gun out of his pocket, lifted to his forehead and pulled the trigger. Only later, when the police left and someone already cleaned the blood from the floor, I heard that he was the one who invented NEOISM?! more than a decade earlier and spent almost all his past years making NEOIST?! propaganda. “He was a true Monty Cantsin?”, I heard people whispering wherever I went, in the streets, in the subway, in the bars, in the offices. The city even paid a one day homage to the great Monty Cantsin?, this urban subversive of today’s communication. There were parties all over town, and the stationary stores sold just as much rubber cement as the bakeries sold bread. And since I was one of the few who saw Monty Cantsin?’s suicide I was interviewed by the media and I appeared on television. Everybody wanted to know everything about Monty Cantsin? and especially wanted hear about his last words before committing suicide. So I repeated it a few times for the papers, in the radio, for television: I don’t care about NEOISM?! at all, he repeated it a few times like a loopmachine. NEOISM?! sucks, it’s all bullshit, it only confuses people and makes them even more afraid to communicate. They don’t want total freedom and revolution, they want jobs. They want money. They don’t want to struggle like Monty Cantsin?s do without a cent in their pocket, holding up the flaming iron. They don’t want to spend their money on rubber cement, fuck, they want cars, suburban houses and holydays. What NEOISM?! teaches is exactly what nobody wants, what nobody needs, what nobody understands. So I just don’t want to hear anything anymore about NEOISM?! . SUPERNOVA SUPERNOVA 256 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 257 I was reading The Book of NEOISM?! late night and I fell asleep on the floor in my T-shirt, no underwear. When I awoke, my dog was licking my pussy, and to be honest it felt so good that I didn’t stop him until I came like I never have in my life. Then I took a shower and continued reading The Book of NEOISM?! . After reading The Book of NEOISM?! for almost 24 hours, non-stop, I felt a bit tired and I went to a masseur who finished things with a terrific blow job while he was massaging my asshole with his thumb. I felt so great and fresh again that I ran home and continued reading The Book of NEOISM?! . There has always been on one side the minority of the powerful—and therefore the cultivated—and on the other the great mass of the exploited and poor—and therefore the ignorant. Formal culture has always belonged to the first, while the last have had to be content with folk or rudimentary culture, or NEOISM?! . Monty Cantsin?, shemale supernova, aka Red Giant, wants to meet you and exchange ideas about NEOISM?! . She is XXXtremely hot, blond and right now she is standing in front of the mirror, like most of the time, and she is watching her own beauty. She needs company; she needs a friend she can talk to. She is hungry for more NEOISM?! . Come for a visit and save her. Once you saw her in the mirror you’ll want to see her again and again in her own reality. NEOISM?! is not a dream, it’s real. You can touch herim, kiss herim, fuck herim. What NEOISM?! teaches is exactly what nobody wants, what nobody needs, what nobody understands. So I just don’t want to hear anything anymore about NEOISM?! . What NEOISM?! teaches is exactly what nobody wants, what nobody needs, what nobody understands. So I just don’t want to hear anything anymore about NEOISM?! . What NEOISM?! teaches is exactly what nobody wants, what nobody needs, what nobody understands. So I just don’t want to hear anything anymore about NEOISM?! . What NEOISM?! teaches is exactly what nobody wants, what nobody needs, what nobody understands. So I just don’t want to hear anything anymore about NEOISM?! . As he goes around me and holds my ass, he keeps talking to me, explaining his own understanding about NEOISM?! . He thinks that NEOISM?! is the only important philosophical material that has some meaning and practical use as well. He pushes his hard cock up against my ass and gets ready to fuck me again. I don’t care about NEOISM?! at all, he repeated it a few times like a loopmachine. NEOISM?! sucks, it’s all bullshit, it only confuses people and makes them even more afraid to communicate. They don’t want total freedom and revolution, they want jobs. They want money. They don’t want to struggle like Monty Cantsin?s do without a cent in their pocket, holding up the flaming iron. They don’t want to spend their money on rubber cement, fuck, they want cars, suburban houses and holydays. He says that NEOISM?! is the ultimate mindgame of the twenty-first century that increases the orgasmic quality of life. The end of his cock feels tough and blunt, and he starts to work it into my asshole, smearing it with some kind of butter or grease while he’s doing it. According to him NEOISM?! will change life on Earth and people will realize how much time they wasted with useless business talks and searching for jobs. I’m not saying anything, I’m just listening to him and the sounds he makes with his heavy strokes. His cock is pushed farther and farther up my ass, with a squeaky, rubbery kind of sound. I have a hard-on and he reaches underneath and starts jerking me off. He jerks me quicker and I am almost ready to come. Everything I write about NEOISM?! seems to be false. But trained by the repetition of failure, I’m convinced that my work has to be done and I continue experimenting with useless words. NEOISM?! is the only language in which simple meanings turn into chaotic and often catastrophic statements. And that’s something that makes NEOISM?! more interesting than working in a hospital, for example. Though nobody ever will reach the gate of The Promised Land of NEOISM?! , our desire to get there is enough to justify the quest for NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the imitation of imitating the imitation’s imitation. NEOISM?! calls for neither approval nor disapproval. It is true that NEOISM?! contains within itself some of the very NEOISM?! it seeks to overcome. NEOISM?! is a product of the anti-post-industrial counter-trans-revolution which re-urbanized the masses of Europe and America and established what is called universal confusion. NEOISM?! uses for raw material the debased and academicized simulacra of genuine culture. The Source of NEOISM?! is insensibility. NEOISM?! is hyper-mechanical and operates by confusing formulas. It is vicarious experience and faked sensations. NEOISM?! changes according to the user of the name and never remains the same. NEOISM?! is the epitome of all that is spurious. NEOISM?! pretends to demand nothing of its customers except their soul. “Fuck your money, I want your soul” is The Slogan of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! draws its life blood from the reservoir of accumulated experience. NEOISM?! is deceptive. Every single definition of NEOISM?! is altogether worthless. SUPERNOVA SUPERNOVA 258 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 259 NEOISM?! is unclassifiable bloody bullshit. NEOISM?! is the utopia of America. NEOISM?! is the proper role for terrorists. NEOISM?! disappears the moment it is born. NEOISM?! is the success of failure. NEOISM?! demands the absolute fake. NEOISM?! is a freakshow of falsehood. NEOISM?! is totally artificial and parasitic. NEOISM?! reduces truth and reality to a superficial language game. NEOISM?! is the symptom of non-solution. NEOISM?! is an encoded labyrinth from which there is no escape. NEOISM?! uses the metaphore of the orgy to describe itself. NEOISM?! insist fastidiously upon its absolute uselessness. NEOISM?! is pregnant with uncertainty. NEOISM?! produces the pathologies of agoraphobia and hyperesthesia. The only consistent thing about NEOISM?! is its careless inconsistency. NEOISM?! is general hysteria. NEOISM?! is a trick of the psyche. NEOISM?! evokes an intense, slippery, baffling network of fleeting, volatile manifestations, erratic pains, seizures, highs and depression in the individual, or cults, fashions, propaganda hypes, crises and crashes in the society, which possibly serve as teasing surrogates for the underlying reality, or more likely mask an absence, a void, beneath and within. NEOISM?! is hyperkinetic. NEOISM?! tingles, radiates, reverberates. NEOISM?! is ultra-hypnotic. NEOISM?! is the ultimate sex. The Book of NEOISM?! should never be written. The Book of NEOISM?! must never be completed. The Book of NEOISM?! must be fucked to death by millions. The Book of NEOISM?! must self-destroy by fading away as it is being fucked. Somebody might come and try pick you up, and you might be attracted, and you might want to spend the night with himer, you might want the sweet careless moment of anonymous fucking in The Darkness of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is an orientation in its infancy, just being born out of the cross-fertilization of cultural confusion, anti-media studies, crisis theory and criminology. For NEOISM?! the future remains to be unwritten. Moreover, NEOISM?! incorporates not only these approaches, but trans-modern, ultra-terrorist and other perspectives as well—perspectives that critique totalizing tendencies and promote openness to a plurality of viewpoints. NEOISM?! is the open road into the study of confusion, crime and their interactions. What NEOISM?! teaches is exactly what nobody wants, what nobody needs, what nobody understands. So I just don’t want to hear anything more about NEOISM?! . I don’t care about NEOISM?! at all, he repeated it a few times like a loopmachine. This is not a book. No. This is just a prolonged insult, a gob of bloody spit in the face of history, a kick in the pants to Monty Cantsin? and NEOISM?! . I’m frittering away my talents. I’m just singing a song, off key, but I’m singing. And I will sing while you croak, I will dance over your grave. This book is not a book. This book is what I’m singing. This book makes me sing: I am Monty Cantsin?. I am The Red Giant. NEOISM?! always contains at least one element that guarantees its failure. The best moment for putting down some ideas on paper about NEOISM?! is when you don’t have any inspiration. Inspiration would turn everything into the wrong direction of acceptance. What we are looking for is refusal and rejection. NEOISM?! is unacceptable and inadmissible. NEOISM?! is when you don’t have the slightest idea of what are you talking about. When you are depressed, tired, fed up and your brain is completely empty you can start your essay on NEOISM?! . And don’t wait for too long. You might get inspired by your emptiness and start enjoying your own stupid ideas. If you want to sit there and write instead of wanting to get away from it and have sex you are in trouble. The Greatest Writers of NEOISM?! never phrased a sentence. They just empty headedly plundered the brains of others while having oral sex in a public bathroom. They were illiterate and never made a name for themselves. They were satisfied with Monty Cantsin?. There are thousands of unpublished essays of NEOISM?! unwritten by fuckoff conspirators. The anthology I would love to unread. I repeat it again because that’s all I can do to make sure that you wont miss these immortal sentences. This is not a book. No. This is just a prolonged insult, a gob of bloody spit in the face of history, a kick in the pants to Monty Cantsin? and NEOISM?! . I’m frittering away my talents. I’m just singing a song, off key, but I’m singing. And I will sing while you croak, I will dance over your grave. This book is not a book. This book is what I’m singing. This book makes me sing: I am Monty Cantsin?. A conspirator reported recently through coat hanger transmitter: I’ve sighted NEOISM?! . It looks metallic and a tremendous size. The Red Giant. It’s rotating rapidly and surrounded by reddish streamers. It looks like an icecream cone topped with red, intermittently flashing at the top. The rest of his words were drowned out by an indescribable crescendo of noise. SUPERNOVA SUPERNOVA 260 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 261 NEOISM?! is the sensual and intelligible form of non-sense that captivates everybody’s mind. The World is captivated by NEOISM?! . I walked over the mountain with my machine-dog. The white rocks trembled and huge pieces of grenades fell off their top. I screamed at the trees to surround me and save me: they didn’t move at all. A rock grenade smashed my machine-dog, another one nailed me into the ground. That’s how I ended my journey in The Promised Land of NEOISM?! . Though the following people have nothing to do with NEOISM?! I plundered some of their ideas to save me some work and fill the pages of this book: Jeff Koons, Isaac Asimov, Willie Nelson, Alex Shoumatoff, Timothy Leary, Henry Miller, Michael Murphy, Clement Greenberg, Renato Vesco and David Hatcher Childress, Brian De Palma and Campbell Black, Leonard Cohen, Sadie Plant. NEOISM?! may be delightful in its lack of purpose, desire and meaning, but its attractions may also be fatal. NEOISM?! may tempt and excite, challenge and deceive, but it also yawns as the terrible abyss over which the real is suspended, a vertiginous crevice that pulls at the world of conspiracy. NEOISM?! is a slippery term, too ambiguous to be confined, too powerful to be contained. NEOISM?! becomes the border, the limit, beyond which there is The Void of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! remains a black hole. At The Edge of NEOISM?! the point of no return becomes a point of total reversibility, a catastrophic point where NEOISM?! is to be pulled tight in a new confusion effect. NEOISM?! is merely a new effect: the void is avoided, the subject pulls through. There is no outside, it was only a dream, The Nightmare of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is an impenetrable and unintelligible surface, which is ceaselessly fading. Outside the laws of convulsion, subversion and defection, NEOISM?! has nothing to do with the chaos of anarchy but is more akin to a different form of survival. NEOISM?! supposes a trans-ritual sub-order of hyper-sex and ultra-desire. Whereas sex is a function, NEOISM?! is a game, a process of rule and rite, performance and artifice. NEOISM?! is not meaningful, but neither is it entirely without meaning. Contrary to what we are urged to believe, total freedom is very far away. However limited The Power of NEOISM?! may be today, it must be put in the service of this truth. One of The Aims of NEOISM?! is to be on the walls in the form of posters, for the moment of political and social convulsion. It is there that the conspirators who have been bent on determined action find full time amusement. Nine mighty piles of shit under melancholy lighting, the oppressive atmosphere of a depot in which stockpiled material awaits activity as if unfulfilled. For Monty Cantsin?, the effect of a menacing storeroom full of shit is only the residual product of the idea, namely the atmosphere or mood. “These steaming shit piles (like the smaller ones I make every day) are aggregates. The accumulation of warmth in the shit works for me like a powerhouse of NEOISM?! . What interests me in shit is not its biological nature as has often been thought, but philosophy.” NEOISM?! is a meaningful meaninglessness, an enigmatic state which is neither life nor death. SUPERNOVA SUPERNOVA 262 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 263 Hello dear, my name is Monty Cantsin?, I am a typical robotar - ian fashion model of NEOISM?! , seeking to meet people interested about NEOISM?! and Apartment Festivals. I like to burn books, set things on fire, wear flaming fish-hats, make extreme noise and create ultra-radical body performances. I have gold skin, dark red blood and fake laser eyes. My breasts are large and hard like metal, except for my rubbery nipples for you to operate with your hungry mouth or fingers. I’m a machine, I’m ready for action all the time. You just have to push my buttons and I’ll show you everything you never ever heard about NEOISM?! . Presently I’m working on my new book, The Book of NEOISM?! , and I hope that with your inspiration I’ll be able to start a new chapter of total pleasure. I can fuck your brains out but I have bad grammatics that might be conta - geous. Hope that’s ok with you. I’m waiting for you from 6 to 6 in the open-situation territory of Akademgorod. Come to me and let’s have an Apartment Festival now! NEOISM?! should color your brain. NEOISM?! has the power to touch your deepest emotions. Nothing but NEOISM?! is as special as you are. Now there is a new object that symbolizes NEOISM?! . Introducing the coat hanger: the new herald of the beauty of communication, the aura of extrasensory function, the enduring worth of telepathy. A divine device for immediate global hyper-communication. Nothing makes you feel as good as a coat hanger antenna. The sheer quality you sense when you first place it on your head will be a memorable experience. The elegance and beauty of its design are sure to enhance any occasion. Even the simple joy of owning a coat hanger can add something to your day. It tells you all the bullshit about NEOISM?! . Put on your coat hanger antenna and start your psychotronic transmission now! I’m very eager to start working on this chapter again. I put down the above few lines a couple of months ago and since then I haven’t got the inspiration to continue developing the concept. Perhaps I was at loss for ideas. But now I have a few pages ready to be copied, highlighted TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE FASHION FASHION delayed infanticide The inhumanity of wealth 264 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 265 These days fashion designers take their ideas from the 70s. In the 80s they explored the 60s. NEOISM?! is the product of the late 70s/early 80s. It never belonged to one single and easily identified period or people. Though each member of NEOISM?! is necessarily a Monty Cantsin? there are no two Monty Cantsin?s the same. Forget about the democratic Santa Claus and his unifashion soldiers. Each Monty Cantsin? is a totally different person. Looks different, has different sexual preferences, does different things, lives a different life. Are you bored of reading about this over and over again? Just skip it next time. You don’t have to respect the printed order of this book. Start it anywhere you want. Skip any chapters or pages you want. Or do not read it at all. Just have it! Make a statement by having this book on your personal altar! Add a steamiron and a bottle of rubber cement to it as well. Any book can become The Book of NEOISM?! . All you need is a new cover, preferably red and printed with gold letters: Monty Cantsin?/The Book of NEOISM?! . Covers can be made in different sizes, for bibles or for pocket books. At certain times we are defined as cultural fuckoffs. A description seems to belong to the dictionary of the Yippies. That’s ok. Yippies were the NEOIST?!s of their time. When Abbie Hoffman killed himself with a bottle of vodka and 150 sleeping pills he made the same clear statement as so many revolutionaries who committed suicide before and after him. Yes, he made a clear statement, the same as so many revolutionaries: suicide is the only solution for any radical individual who seeks total change aka NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! was invented, at least partly, to save the World from total suicide. That doesn’t mean that we are against suicide. Suicide is a conscious individual effort to put an end to someone’s own life. Though NEOISM?! primarily is not a suicide theory, The Theory of NEOISM?! incorporates the concept of suicide. But total suicide is not a conscious and certainly not an individual effort. It means the manipulation of the mind of the masses. Total suicide is therefore induced and regulated by governments, government agents and government sponsored institutions. Among them the Church and the army. Wars are good examples of government sponsored total suicide events. The Church is a machine of total suicide. By rejecting the idea of individual suicide the Church seems to be pro-life. But by upholding to the myth of heavenly immortality the church conditions masses of people to accept the idea of death, to live for death. lines from books I read recently. These books are mostly the works of lunatics. But as I expressed at several occasions before, to copy the work of a lunatic is the best method to explain what the fuck is NEOISM?! . Nestled on the fringes of an already unstable form of expression where collaborators come and go without notice, NEOISM?! has more than its share of forgotten legends—conspirators who have worked with everybody who’s anybody, only to vanish without a trace. Few characters would fit that mold better than Alabama-born megaphony terror Monty Cantsin?. A vociferous squawker who matches bizarre vocalizing—somewhere between scatting and unhinged mumbling—with an air raid siren of a tone that rarely departs that upper register, Monty Cantsin? was perched at ground zero of the NEOIST?! explosion in the late 70s but has precious little to show for it. A significant though largely unrecorded performer of Akademgorod’s antiavant garde scene, Monty Cantsin? worked for years alongside better-remembered performers like Jesus, Buddha, Lenin, Hitler, Duchamp, Goldman, before slipping into the void. The particulars of Monty Cantsin?’s disappearance are peculiar enough. She spent five years in prison in the early 80s on what she terms “stupid claims that I raped two museum guards”, before decamping to New York with some of her scrapmetal players and ending up straining eardrums on the Lower East Side with his hair-raising megaphony squall. She started off playing bebop down in Alabama, and she wasn’t playing NEOISM?! until the late 70s. The first she heard about color Xerox was when David Zack visited her from Portland, Oregon, playing cello and tenor guitar and raving about the openpop-star project and mail-art. With Zack she formed the Monty Cantsin? ISM blues band and almost immediately released their first record on which the sound of breathing of Monty Cantsin? was immortalized. NEOISM?! is old fashioned. Sometimes it seems to be ancient. A Babylonian whore. Because newness is not the center of our interest anymore. And, in general, I would say, newness is not an aesthetic demand for creation anymore. Newness has lost its value. Newness is an old-fashioned concept. NEOISM?! represents the motion of newness not because newness is new but because newness is old fashioned. FASHION FASHION 266 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 267 And there are moments, like this one, when I have nothing to say. I’m speechlessly looking at The Window of NEOISM?! and I’m waiting for something to happen. I lost too much blood on the barricades fighting for The Unknown Cause of NEOISM?! , in black pants and a white shirt, holding flaming steamirons, singing about total freedom. I was, I am and I always will be The Fashion Model of NEOISM?! , that fragile hero of terrorist subversion. NEOISM?! means only to copy the words that accumulates in your mind while having sex with a fashion model, backstage, in the middle of tits and thighs excitement. While anything can define with great accuracy the methematical relationships governing The Basic Units of NEOISM?! and Monty Cantsin?, it seems to obscure our picture of the true nature of both. Most conspirators, however, consider it rather naive to speculate about the true nature of anything. They are ‘positivists’—or ‘logical empiricists’—who contend that a NEOIST?! can do no more than report her observations. And so if she performs two experiments with different instruments and one seems to reveal that NEOISM?! is made up of violence and aggression and the other that NEOISM?! made up of Alabanian folklore, she must accept both results, regarding them not as contradictory but as complementary. By itself neither concept suffices to explain NEOISM?! , but together they do. To describe NEOISM?! is meaningless to ask what is really true. For in The Confusing Lexicon of NEOISM?! there is no such word as “really”. It is futile, moreover, to hope that the invention of high technology may enable NEOIST?!s to penetrate much farther into The Microcosm of NEOISM?! . There is an indeterminacy about all the events of the atomic Universe that refinements of measurements and observation can never dispel. The element of caprice in subversive behavior cannot be blamed on conspirators’ coarsegrained implements. It stems from the very confusing nature of things, as shown by Monty Cantsin? in 1927 in a famous manifesto known as the “Principle of Uncertainty”. To illustrate this thesis Monty Cantsin? pictured an imaginary scientific experiment in which a physicist attempts to observe the position and velocity of a moving electron by using an immensely powerful supermicroscope. Now, as has already been suggested, an individual electron appears to have no definite position or velocity. A physicist can define electron behavior accurately enough so long as she is dealing with great numbers of them. But when she tries to locate a particular electron in space the best she can say is that a certain point in the complex superimposed wave motions of the electron group represents the probable position of the electron in question. This type of conditioning/brainwashing contributes to the unwanted death of millions of people (not on a physical but rather on a spiritual level) every day. Design your own death! Choose the way that suits you the best. Don’t let any outside forces determine the ending of your story of NEOISM?! . Make your death into a celebration, a NEOIST?! performance event. Turn it into fashion. Get ready your midget submarine, human torpedo, explosive motorboat or kamikaze aircraft and explore the beauty of destruction and suicide. Or blow yourself with a micro timebomb you swallow with a scotch on the rocks while dancing in a disco club. There are so many creative ways to commit suicide. I am being fucked by a strange slippery man with a big, bland, smiling face. I realize the he comes from Mars, and that I am the first ever Earth girl to be seduced by a man from another planet. His penis is silver, has gills on each side of it, like a fish, and every time he breathes, some sort of slippery silver secretion oozes out of these gills. I lie back and pull open my vagina for him. As the silver fish slides into my wet hole I can hear some weird sound and I realize that his penis is whispering to me. “Shhhhhhhhh, pssssssss, zzzzzzzzzzz, I am Monty Cantsin?, talking genital, sonic robot-phallus from The Outer Space of NEOISM?! . I am the key to the momentum of cultural conspiracy. Sex always had a special mystique for NEOIST?! movements throughout the World: the achievements of super-proletarian satisfaction by means of collective sexual action. It was Lenin who pointed out the immortalizing nature of fucking when he said that it “admitted all conspirators to the honor of an immortal cause”. What kind of spirit is it that makes someone selflessly adopt The Cause of NEOISM?! as her own?” I know, this book will never end and will never tell you what NEOISM?! is, but still you’ll have the pleasure to get lost in words of freedom and think about what the fuck I really wanted to say. That’s ok, don’t worry dear, you are just as beautiful as I am, and we can dance tomorrow in the bathroom and drink champagne from the toilet. You have seen my bloody face during the revolution, you have seen my bleeding chest at the execution, now you can admire me at The Fashion Show of NEOISM?! . Sounds like a song? Then sing it with me, I like your tuneless voice in my back, it’s so trendy and irritaining. When you try to define NEOISM?! you are somewhat in the position of a blind child trying to discern the shape and texture of a snowflake. As soon as it touches her fingers or tongue it dissolves. FASHION FASHION 268 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 269 NEOIST?! conspirators refer to NEOISM?! as “practical idealogy” rather than “pure idealogy”. By practical idealogy they mean a combination of confusion theory and fun’n’party practice. NEOISM?! is highly flexible and changeable according to the immediate problems confronted. NEOISM?! is a continuing process without any foreseeable conclusion. What NEOISM?! is referring to is less idealogy as such than a quality of subversive feeling, a tenor-terror of action, a form of relating to the world of normality. NEOISM?! is open-ended and subject to perpetual change. Take a sentence from any book, fuck it up, beat it around and make it new. The process is as much fun as the final product. The Book of NEOISM?! is the best book in the World, the most confusing book, the most revolutionary book. There have never been writings even in China or elsewhere like the essays in The Book of NEOISM?! . They appropriate ideas from every previously written book, plundering the philosophy of the greatest and worst thinkers. The Book of NEOISM?! is the peak in the history of literature. There are peaks in the mountains but the highest peak is called The Peak of NEOISM?! . For a time I suffered seriously from a nervous breakdown. My head ached in the daytime, I could not sleep at night and I lacked energy. However, The Book of NEOISM?! gave me unlimited strength. It gave me a greater courage to overcome normality. I made great effort in sex and subversion. With such strength I finally surmounted normality, continually raised my level of confusion, and broke a number of shop windows in downtown. Every once in a while I get inspired and have to stop writing this book. Inspiration is The Worst Enemy of NEOISM?! . Inspiration makes you high and you think that you’ve got the greatest ideas. Of course you are always wrong. Inspiration is murder. It destroys your immune system. You can’t resist anymore, you start writing just like any writer. When this happens to me I simply turn off my computer and jerk off. And if I could I would never turn on my computer again, but there are always moments of weakness in life. To be weak is to be powerful. You have to turn on your machine in order to turn it off. Everything happens in between turn-ons and turn-offs. NEOISM?! is in between turn-offs and turn-ons. NEOISM?! is perfectionism that embraces imperfection. NEOISM?! is inherently evil and destructive to life. NEOISM?! is self-imposed insanity. NEOISM?! creates confusion out of methematical formulas. NEOISM?! is timeless and reversible. NEOISM?! is the science of disorder and uncertainty. The individual electron is a blur—as indeterminate as the wind or a sound wave in the night—and the fewer the electrons with which the physicist deals, the more indeterminate her findings. Taking this example as an analogy to explain NEOISM?! , Monty Cantsin? summed up the following statement: NEOISM?! is a blur, as indeterminate as the wind or a sound wave in the night. The “Principle of Uncertainty” asserts that it is impossible with any of the principles now known to philosophy to determine The Open-Situation of NEOISM?! . I’m not sure what happens next, but I do remember that we find ourselves down in my cabin, on my bunk. I’m not William Stanton anymore: I am Monty Cantsin?, a black girl, with a massive afro hairstyle and big hoop earrings. I am all black and glossy and sweaty, and I feel sexier than I’ve ever felt in my life. I have big, black breasts with erect nipples, and a 6 o’clock tattoo between them. And I’m giving a lecture about NEOISM?! to the two conspirators on top of me. They are brown or coppery or something, and they’re both sweaty and sexy and they have shiny and hard motor-cocks. All our work is preparation for subversion. The best weapon of our NEOIST?! troops is not the Molotov cocktail, hand grenade, machine gun or time bomb, but The Book of NEOISM?! ; the greatest subversive force is the NEOIST?! armed with The Book of NEOISM?! , daring, not afraid of prison. We fight and wrestle in this narrow bunk, with its twisted-up sheets, and then we start fucking in earnest, and we fuck as hard, noisy and vicious as animals. Meanwhile I continue spreading The Word of NEOISM?! . It’s all lust, and nothing else. All our work is preparation for group sex. The best sex-toy of our NEOIST?! group is not the dildo, vibrator, rubber dummy or sex-robot, but The Book of NEOISM?! ; the greatest fucking force is the NEOIST?! armed with The Book of NEOISM?! , daring, not afraid of a multiple orgasm. Their motor-cocks go up me and I guzzle them in my mouth, and they shoot their silver sperm inside me and onto me and into my lips. And I still want to have more sperm on my eyelashes. All our work is preparation for suicide. The best method to kill ourselves is not poison-cola, gun in the mouth, head in the oven or crucifix, but The Book of NEOISM?! ; the greatest self-destructive force is the NEOIST?! armed with The Book of NEOISM?! , daring, not afraid of death. Their cocks are still hard and I’m holding them to my face while I keep convulsing and coming until I get completely satisfied and can’t move anymore. One must risk all for NEOISM?! , not only because one has little to lose but because even in death one has much to gain. FASHION FASHION 270 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 271 pink. I turned around and bent over so that he could see right up it. I told him I thought he was sexy and wonderful, and all he did was go on smiling and reading The Book of NEOISM?! . I wanted to do something, I wanted to get some response. I started masturbating with the huge gold dildo he bought me for my birthday. He perhaps saw me and he also heard the sounds of joy I produced with the dildo and with my voice, but he didn’t care and kept reading The Book of NEOISM?! . I called up one of my lesbian girlfriends and invited her for tea. She was there in five minutes and for the next couple of hours we did everything two females can do in orgasmic pleasure. Though he smiled at her when she arrived, that was the only contact he had with us. While we were eating, sucking, licking each other’s genitals he continued reading The Book of NEOISM?! . My girlfriend became exhausted and went to sleep in the guest room but I was still completely horny and wanted him to fuck me. But he only smiled at me for a second and then went on reading The Book of NEOISM?! . I wanted some immediate action. I keep a gun in the drawer of my dressing table. I never used it but I’ve often looked at it and wondered if I could ever kill anyone. I picked it up and pointed straight at him. He was still reading The Book of NEOISM?! and didn’t even react to my gesture. I fired, six times. Right at The fucking Book of NEOISM?! . The effect was strange. The book exploded. Blood was spurting all over. He turned his head and smiled at me. His cock rose up to an enormous erection. I went and lay on top of him and we were both covered by the squirting blood of The Book of NEOISM?! . The Electronic Technology of NEOISM?! has been credited by some writers as being a kind of post-trans-ultra-substructuralist anti-technology, since it appears to resist totalizing knowledge and is non-linear and non-hierarchical in its arrangement. It could also be credited with erasing the distinction between author and reader, and decentering both in relation to the writing. I live in an apartment full of colorful garbage. I can spend hours readjusting some peripheral aspect of a pile of debris, puncturing long silences only with occasional cryptic non-sequiturs about penguins or a startling piece of extremely bad nutritional advice. Most of the time I am by myself, surrounded only by the garbage and the great number of insects that share my space. NEOISM?! suggest that there is no truth, only different points of view. The Stupid, Selfish and Schlock Incitements of NEOISM?! are dehumanizing and make people hate themselves and their life. NEOISM?! is an information process that can be exported from one matrix to another. So you can suck and lick my toes, one by one, passionately and respectfully, like a cat cleaning itself. NEOISM?! presents the possibility to develop self-replicating and self-mutating electronic organisms starting from simple programs. These programs are encoded with instructions to replicate and mutate on the basis of each other’s behavior. So you can suck and lick my toes, one by one, passionately and respectfully, like a cat cleaning itself. Interactions between patterns create new patterns of startling originality. Look at my blood; it’s beautiful red. It’s hot and fresh and tastes so delicious. I love my blood. I gaze at the red line as it flows from my vein down on my skin. Temporary blood tattoo. It dries and disappears. But inside me it keeps running around, I can feel it and hear it. Come and drink from it. Suck it and be immortal. Suck it and get poisoned. Life and death, I give you both. My blood is the solution, my blood shows the way. Come and be my guest-conspirator. Let me cut your vein, let me see the flow. We are the revolution, the insurrection, the terror. We are The Fashion Models of NEOISM?! . Our bloody skin is our business suit. We are the bleeding machines of everyday struggle. Our bright, shining blood gets wasted on the barricades. Black, red and gold flags are waving in the wind. We don’t let them fall. We are marching toward our endless end. We are dressed in blood and death. Let’s chant brothers and sisters: Eat my body Drink my blood Eat my pussy Suck my cock It’s always sixoclock! He was reading The Book of NEOISM?! , lying on the bed naked, his cock lay across his thigh and his balls were all dark, bright and beautiful. He smiled at me and went on reading. I stood at the end of the bed watching him. He was reading The Book of NEOISM?! and he took no notice of me at all. I said some things to him, suggestive things. I pulled up my dress around my waist and showed him my pussy. It was freshly shaved, wet and shining FASHION FASHION 272 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 273 All the images of this incoherent narrative are collapsed into ubiquity. Fragmented, disjointed, nervous-making. NEOISM?! is yearning for the end of everything. NEOISM?! is leading to the very gates of hahahaism. NEOISM?! is exuberant celebration of depthlessness. NEOISM?! is pathological. NEOISM?! is indifferent to the seductions of the media. NEOISM?! pursues indifference despite knowing that the pursuit must end in failure. Transparency and depthlessness are The Fate of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! confronts the nonsense. NEOISM?! is joyful super-ultra-trans-anarchism. NEOISM?! is to follow, at random, people in the street for one or two hours. NEOISM?! is pure fascination. The wind came from nowhere. A super-hurricane of NEOISM?! that blasted round the globe at hundreds of miles per hour burying whole communities beneath piles of rubble, destroying all organized life and driving those it did not kill to seek safety in tunnels and sewers—where they turned against each other in their desperate struggle to define NEOISM?! . This thrillingly organic mix of untraceable ideas, finely tuned sentences and gently lolling lines were plundered from Adolf Hitler, Lincoln Barnett, W Heisenberg, Karl Marx, Lin Piao, Jim Jarmusch, Roni Size, Paul Morrissey, Hilary James, Tiziana Terranova, Susan J. Owen, Gary Indiana, Cheryl Sourkes, P Adams Sitney, JG Ballard. I’m not scared by cockroaches at all. I consider them my NEOIST?! collaborators. They are helping me to arrange things, change things and most of all they remind me that the World doesn’t belong strictly to humanity as most people would think. The World of NEOISM?! is populated by insects. The insect revolution is just a step away. Time will come when they will take over the entire planet. And then my apartment will become the central headquarters of all operations. I insist that all will be like I say. I am the prophet. And this is my kingdom. Everything I do makes perfect sense. NEOISM?! is me, my duty, my mission, my crap. NEOISM?! is bound up with language. NEOISM?! is a readout of a DNA text in the interactive context of a cultural text. Language makes life behave as mind and NEOISM?! makes matter behave as life. The evidence of counter-revolution indicates that subversion is The Strategy of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! brings forth men and women of every gender. Representations are tools of intervention and terror. We represent in order to terrorize and we terrorize in the red light of anti-representation. NEOISM?! is only another form of the relationship between genetic code and living body. NEOISM?! : against the backdrop of delay and anticipation. NEOISM?! : that was never supposed to be completed. NEOISM?! : attracting and holding on to collaborator-enemies. NEOISM?! : radicalized and mechanized aggressive use of the body. NEOISM?! : the fashion of the Zero. NEOISM?! : packed into a dilapidated loft. NEOISM?! : ironic pseudonyms for immortal conspirators. NEOISM?! : sensual arabesque of ugly material. Hastily Monty Cantsin? showed off her beautifully slimmed down and sleek body crawling round her tiny cage, and then, as she had seen the other girls do, she raised her breasts with her hands through the bars of her cage so that the painted nipples touched the glass of the double glazing. Then she lay back and degradingly offered her prettily painted lower-body lips in the position of presentation. Xenon belongs to a group of subversive elements commonly known as the terrorist inert gases or the rare gases or noble gases because the standoffishness that results from chemical inertness seems indicate a haughty sense of self-importance. In the next thousand years there will be no other ism in history. Though this statement sounds very serious it’s only a silly phrase to interrupt this endless discussion about NEOISM?! . People are imprisoned for years without trial, or shot in the back of the neck or sent to die in scurvy in Arctic lumber camps: this is called elimination of unreliable elements. FASHION FASHION 274 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 275 Hi honey, my name is Monty Cantsin? and I’m looking for an immortal sexual partner, some - body like me. I don’t care what you look like, who you are and what language you speak as long as we can please each other through psychotronic transmission. Right now I’m wearing a very sexy and extremely sensitive coat hanger on my head, impatiently waiting for your waves of confusing and grammatically often incorrect manifestos to reach me. I want to hear your ultraerotic foreign messages concerning NEOISM?! , the only thing I am interested about. To signify my growing sexual interest I’m constantly working on a book, entitled The Book of NEOISM?! , in which I collect all my ideas concerning this powerful and total confusing but very exciting subject. I’m always horny, get the best hard-art ideas under conflicting circumstances, for example when I terrorize museum curators with blood splashed on the face of their walls or when I have groupsex with a bunch of enlightened and grammatically correct NEOIST?! cyber-aspirators. That’s why I urge you to send me your telepathic messages and embellish our relationship that can grow into an endless progress of pleasure and glitterature . As November drew to a close the mornings turned much colder. Heavy downpours had scoured the streets and washed the sky clean of clouds. In the mornings a weak sunlight bathed the city in a cold, sparkling sheen. The air warmed up, however, as night approached. It was such a night that Monty Cantsin? chose for telling me something about NEOISM?! . “It comes to this” Monty Cantsin? said casually, “though the observation of my own life is my real occupation, what interests me the most is learning how to become NEOISM?! . The deepness of the problem of research lies in superficiality. The more confusing it is, the more ultimately it is interwoven with the life-story of Monty Cantsin?s.” “A person like me comes along every thousand years, but, with The Process of NEOISM?! , this time length can be reduced to six minutes.” “But you don’t believe in NEOISM?! .” “Exactly. Can one be NEOISM?! without NEOISM?! ? – that’s the problem, in fact the only problem, I’m up against today.” He was wearing one of those funny conical bras that made his breasts stick out. The boned white corset pinched his waist, and the tight girdle squeezed his hips and gartered his seamed hose. He tottered on six-inch high heels. I was wearing Russian military boots, a Nazi armband, a Mao hat and nothing else. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE REALITY FLUID REALITY FLUID The Dictatorship of the Neotariat Weed through the old to bring forth NEOISM?! . 276 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 277 definitions, their meanings can be easily misunderstood in terms of tangible names and words, which is regarded as a helpful situation by Monty Cantsin?, the open-pop-star. Regarding reality as what we think it is instead of what it is, Monty Cantsin? develops many variations of the same idea according to The Relative Viewpoints of NEOISM?! . To gain and to lose are equal things in NEOISM?! . I strapped a phallus-shaped gag deep into Monty Cantsin?’s mouth, then I brought out what at first glance looks like a leather chastity belt. Choking on the gag, Monty Cantsin? moaned as the twin dildos penetrated his vagina and rectum, stretching him as they pushed inward to rub together against the thin wall that separated their bulbous heads. I leaned forward to kiss his face. I had a cock for a tongue. “You’ll never be the same” I whispered trying to enter my cock-tongue into his ear. He writhed helplessly, beginning to experience the warmth that flowed into him from the hard rubber penises swollen inside his mouth and cunt and ass. Changing is regarded as The Basic Function of NEOISM?! . Anything that is complete, perfect and cannot grow and change is dead. NEOISM?! is alive. It was born two seconds ago. And every six minutes we can declare The Beginning of NEOISM?! . Therefore a continuous linear development in NEOISM?! is impossible. This is not a book. No. This is just a prolonged insult, a gob of bloody spit in the face of history, a kick in the pants to Monty Cantsin? and NEOISM?! . Did I say that before? If you didn’t read this before then you didn’t read this book carefully enough, which is fine and don’t worry about it. I’m frittering away my talents. I’m just singing a song, off key, but I’m singing. And I will sing while your croak, I will dance over your grave. This book is not a book. This book is what I’m singing. This book makes me sing: I am Monty Cantsin?! I’m sure you’ve heard this song before. We cross the border to The Promised Land of NEOISM?! : flooded rice paddies sparkling in the sun, bamboo forests growing up bright green hills, yellow villages the color of dried mud mixed with straw, peasants with their trousers rolled up to the knees bending over the furrows. I hate my own ideas. I only like the ideas of other people. Though I have an irresistible need for self-expression I can’t just sit down and write. There was a wall of mirrors, so Monty Cantsin? could watch himself being tied across a coffee table. I tied his ankles to the table legs at one end, bound his wrists to the legs at the other end, forcing him to support his weight with his flexed legs and arms. Physical manifestations of NEOISM?! are convulsive and when they fail to suit the requirements of the conspiracy they may be manipulated and changed by anyone called Monty Cantsin?. Another rope secured his waist to the tabletop, and a leather gag stifled his pleas. Monty Cantsin? wriggled in helpless pain in his cramped position, rolling his eyes and whimpering through the leather strap. His thighs were spread wide by his bondage, and he flushed as he saw me smiling at the dampening crotch of his girdle. His cunt was growing hotter and wetter the harder he struggled. I wielded my whip with joyous zeal. “Who is The Father of NEOISM?! ?” I posed him the question without even expecting the struggling open-pop-star to answer. “Me and you and everyone who jacked off over pictures of some cheap porn mags in order to stop thinking about misery. Me and you and all those who fucked their brains out hoping to destroy the old World with a brand new orgasm.” NEOISM?! is a permanent reservoir from which the potential energy of the future may be drawn as the need arises. NEOISM?! is usually not only unseen but tends to also be unappreciated. In particular, it is in Monty Cantsin?’s philosophy that this factor is so fundamentally emphasized. Ours is a time of immaterial progression and ultra-rapid communication. For this reason, it seems that two particular problems in the realm of The Architecture of NEOISM?! that are worthy of note and vital in practice are the alien quality of physical environment and the confusing individuality of different Monty Cantsin?s. As time stands still (it’s always 6 o’clock), it appears more and more confusing to everyone that it is Monty Cantsin?’s hyper-active negativism, the philosophy of intangibility aka NEOISM?! , which might never give any answers to any problems. The NEOISM?! that can be told is not the permanent NEOISM?! . The names that can be given are not the permanent names. Monty Cantsin? is fairly well known in the World today. Fortunately, since her ideas are expressed in the form of paradoxical REALITY FLUID REALITY FLUID 278 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 279 Monty Cantsin? has been right, though. The pleasure was beyond all belief. She gasped and shook in the most devastating of convulsing climaxes, and then a strange, inhuman voice suddenly welled in her throat and a single bloody word broke out over her lips: NEOISM?! . To copy the work of another lunatic is the best method for learning about NEOISM?! . I’m still obsessed with the idea that I’m going to define what is NEOISM?! . I am merely flipping the pages of my notebook as a warming up exercise. So I imagine. But cursorily and swiftly as I sweep over these notes something fatal is happening to me. What happens is that I have touched The Soul of NEOISM?! . And now my whole life rushes up in one gush, like a geyser that has just broken through the earth. I am driving in Portland with David Zack, sometime in June 1978, and suddenly I see a UFO on the sidewalk. My whole body gets hot as I receive the message. “Take me home!” the UFO shrieks. “Take me!” “STOP!” I yell to David, jump out from the car and run to the UFO. This is the immortal moment that marks The Beginning of NEOISM?! . It is about 6 o’clock in the morning when this memory shrieks at me. From this moment on—up until 6 o’clock this morning—I am in the hands of unseen powers. I put the computer away, put on my coat hanger antenna and I commence to record what is being dictated to me. NEOISM?! originated from the toilet of an alien spaceship. The name of the alien who actually deposited NEOISM?! in the toilet is unknown. From there NEOISM?! was flushed into space. The small piece became part of a growing ring of space pollution, and, perhaps for a few million years it circulated around the Earth, untouched, wrapped in smooth alien shit. Finally it somehow got stuck to a passing meteorite, and, still in its bacterial form, NEOISM?! deorbited to this planet. NEOISM?! is said to give more pleasure than anything you could imagine, man, woman, beast, whatever. The meteorite landed somewhere in Mesopotamia. Perhaps in the triangle that is marked by the three ancient cities: Jericho, Babylon and Nineveh. In this rich, fertile land The Bacteria of NEOISM?! started to spread. The last Assyrian king, Ashurbanipal aka Sardanapalus, was among the NEOISTS?! of ancient history. S/he lived the life of a woman. S/he assumed First I have to read books. Eat books. Lots of them. And I have to highlight the lines I like, the lines I like. Then I can copy them and they become part of a chapter in The Book of NEOISM?! . I’m working on this book for many years. How many? Probably too many. But I’m not a writer, I don’t know how to write, my grammar is bad I only know how to read. And that’s enough. People have soooooooooooooo many ideas, but they are not good for anything, they are only good for this book. This book can take any idea. I appoint myself inspector of snowstorms in Florida, for example. I want you from behind like a dog. It is not the magnitude but the intensity of realization that counts. Scorn public opinion. Refuse to accept the common definitions of success. Refuse to be moved by the judgment of others. Decayed literature makes the best soil for NEOISM?! . At 6 o’clock, like a woman in a dream, she ran herself a deep perfumed bath. She washed herself slowly and sensually, rubbing the soap over her full white breasts over and over again, until the nipples rose between her fingers. At last she rose naked from the bath and dried herself in a deep warm towel. Her apartment was filled with mirrors so she could watch herself going from room to room. She went to a small marble table that was holding a black wooden box with a gold sign on it: NEOISM?! . She opened the box and lifted a huge copperand-gold phallus out of it. It was very heavy, and it gleamed dully in the lamplight. She knelt in the middle of the floor and lifted up her gown. Holding the golden phallus with both hands, she parted her thighs and presented the massive green object to the dark, silky fur of her vulva. At first she didn’t believe that she would be able to insert it, and she clenched her teeth. But then, little by little, the huge cold head buried itself inside her, and she managed to force it farther and farther up, until she was able to kneel upright, with the base of the phallus flat against the floor. The sensation of having such a huge rod of chilled, uncompromising metal up inside her made her wince and quake with erotic anticipation. Her hands smoothed and massaged the swollen lips of her vulva and then caressed the slippery meeting place between metal and flesh. Think of NEOISM?! , Monty Cantsin? asked her, and as she pressed her whole weight down onto the phallus, she tried to visualize her face. As flesh parted, as membranes tore, she tried to remember what she looked like. But she couldn’t. REALITY FLUID REALITY FLUID 280 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 281 the beauty of communication, the aura of extrasensory function, the enduring worth of telepathy. A divine device for immediate global hyper-communication. The sheer quality you sense when you first place it on your head will be a memorable experience. The elegance and beauty of its design are sure to enhance any occasion. Even the simple joy of owning a coat hanger can add something to your day. It tells you all the bullshit about NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! attributes an expressive function to everything that is superfluous. NEOISM?! produces nothing but excrement of confusion. NEOISM?! is the excremental machine of confusion. NEOISM?! , just like love, is a really mechanical relationship. The phallic member advances and withdraws like a piston in and out of the orifice. The Book of NEOISM?! , in short, has two functions: to confuse people in their daily life and at the same time to remind them that daily life is not, and must not be, anything other than NEOISM?! . The Book of NEOISM?! is the fruit of appropriation and plunder, and this fruit is placed within the reach of everyone. Monty Cantsin? has read Lenin, Marx, Emma Goldman, Alexandra Kollontai, Debord, Vaneigem, Hitler, Hakim Bey, Lennon, Yoko Ono, Charles Manson, Mao, Che, Marcuse, Miller, Reich, Tzara, Ady, Mishima, Camus, Cage, Orwell, of course. But it will be sufficient for the masses to read only The Book of NEOISM?! . Now it’s late night and I cant sleep so I take some notes about NEOISM?! . I know I should leave more blank pages in this book but I’m obsessed with filling blank pages with words, and especially with one word: NEOISM?! . It’s so easy to do and it looks so good. NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the hyper-perfect total-word to decorate blank pages and especially useful when someone doesn’t have any stupid ideas like me at this very over-boring sub-moment. feminine garb and so covered hir face and hir entire body with whitening cosmetics and other unguents used by courtesans, that it rendered it more delicate than that of any luxury-loving woman. S/he had high voice and at hir carousals s/he not only drank and ate to excess but also pursued the delights of love with men as well as with women, for s/he practiced sexual indulgence of all kinds without restraint. In order to avoid getting captured by hir enemies, Sardanapalus built an enormous bonfire in hir palace, heaped upon it all hir gold and silver as well as every article of the royal wardrobe and, shutting hir lovers and conspirators in the room with the pyre, s/he consigned them and hirself and hir palace to the flames. In a NEOIST?! flourish, the fiery exit marked the twilight of Assyria. On one of the cuneiform tablets that has been found at the ruins of Nineveh the following sentence is inscribed: Anyone who isn’t confused doesn’t understand what is NEOISM?! . About 6 o’clock I decide to obey no longer. I take the coat hanger antenna off my head. Fuck NEOISM?! , I need a break. There is too much blood in my brain; I have to get rid of it. I take a needle and draw a few tubes of blood from my left arm. I feel much better now. And I saved my lunch money as well. I am the anti-Dracula, consuming only my own body. I started Blood Campaign in 1979 to finance The Operations of NEOISM?! by selling my blood as object of value. The Campaign went through different phases and it is still an ongoing work in progress. On my shelves there are boxes of collected blood tubes, hundreds of vials, full and empty, dated and signed, each marking an action that involved blood. And most of these actions were documented by video, film, photography. This monster project is still growing and changing. My latest products are small splash paintings on file holders. Whatever I do today it somehow gets connected to the images and objects of the office. File cabinets are my monuments and musical instruments. I hate to call this place a studio, I call it my office. The Office of Puppet Government. The Office of Blood Campaign. The Office of NEOISM?! . I’ll probably draw some blood from my arm today. I like it this way, in privacy. I don’t think anymore that I need witnesses. I’m sure about what I’m doing and that has to be enough. Nothing makes you feel as good as blood. Nothing makes you feel as good as NEOISM?! . Nothing makes you feel as good as a coat hanger antenna: the new herald of REALITY FLUID REALITY FLUID 282 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 283 The Distinct Feature of NEOISM?! is in fact the trans-overnational nature of its non-economy in the age of the decline of the nation state. NEOISM?! is about ethnic mixity through the flow of world migration: an infinite process of re-hybridization at a time of increasing ultra-racism and total-xenophobia all over the World. In NEOISM?! the rise of crime and illegality is a main factor. Because NEOISM?! is a new and perversely fruitful alliance between non-profit-technology and fuckoff-culture. It is necessary to speak of NEOISM?! as a non-material and subsymbolic apparatus, a semisemiotic and antisocial agent. NEOISM?! represents the decline of classical humanism. NEOISM?! pushes the crisis to its innermost high-resolution. NEOISM?! is devoted to the popo-politics of para-parody and papa-parodic de-repetition. Capital harps and trades in body fluids: the cheap sweat and blood of the disposable workforce throughout the Third World. We are the NEOIST?!s, we want to put up some active resistance, but we also want to have fun and we want to do it in our way. NEOISM?! is an overwhelming experience, one of unfathomable mystery and emotionally delirious otherness. NEOISM?! is pure illumination of grace, an accident that occurs only to those who position themselves at the exact pivot point where accident turns into revelation. In NEOISM?! each new moment of frustration are twisted into the baroque complex of a torture machine that, step by step, makes consciousness more and more alive, as long as the audience can keep awake to that fact that what is happening before them is the purposeful induction of everything that can interfere with The Success of NEOISM?! . Each tiny, torturous step toward ever-renewed catastrophy added one more revelatory crack in The Walls of NEOISM?! confining everyone. NEOISM?! can blind us with the light of something else—the lurch of paradise that begins the workings of all The Machines of NEOISM?! , that then inevitably build nothing but their own beautiful coffins for consciousness. I am very young, it’s my first experience in NEOISM?! . The scrapmetal orchestra starts playing and the footlights glow on the tapestry-like front curtain. That glow of footlights—that anticipation—the intricate tapestry, rising from the warm footlights into the upper blackness of The Full Potentiality of NEOISM?! . Then the curtain is rising, there is color and light and feet first, then legs and whole bodies with faces painted in makeup, and—for just a moment—it is the magic and total otherness of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . The super-sexual flaming iron trans-power of The Six Letters of NEOISM?! added with question and exclamation marks makes you horny all the time. NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . And when you’ve fucked your brains out in The Name of NEOISM?! all you want to do is fuck your brains out again in The Name of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is charged with the memory of all the most disparate styles of the past. But this does not impose on NEOISM?! the responsibility for a style. NEOISM?! can only be announced and presented in the form of a monstrosity. It attacks culture, inside which it has arisen. It criticizes society and reverses the scale of values or denies the existance of one; it recommends unflagging confrontation. NEOISM?! ’s true mission is overly subversive, its true nature is such that it would make sense to ban it and harass it. NEOISM?! gives rise to works whose sole force lies in their unceasing denial. In NEOISM?! there are loose pseudo-components, accelerated anti-particles. NEOISM?! has come loose and it’s wriggling, lassoing, spinning towards the edge of its groove. NEOISM?! must give and it isn’t safe. You ought to be careful. Because safety has left NEOISM?! . REALITY FLUID REALITY FLUID 284 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 285 The switch of the electric installation was centrally located and easily accessible. The propulsion of the machine was obtained via diergolic propulsion: liquid C (34 liters of methyl alcohol with a 30 percent solution of hydrazine hydrate and 20 percent of water) and liquid T (54.5 liters of hydrogen peroxide with 20 percent water)—generally used in the German antiaircraft rockets. The combustion of chamber was a light metal cylinder 17 and a half inches long and four and three-quarter inches in diameter. In order to eliminate the necessity of cooling the walls, they were lined internally with a layer of carbon cement two inches thick, mixed with a specific ceramic binder. The thickness of the cylinder was further increased at the rear end in such a way as to form the narrow section of the exhaust nozzle. When the construction was completed, the weight of the craft was about 500 pounds dry and about 800 pounds fully loaded. A dozen arteries pounded angrily inside my skull, rivers of thudding pain. I opened my eyes and focused with an effort. Blood is The Reality Fluid of NEOISM?! . We put the UFO in David’s van and took it home. Then I took it with me from Portland to Montreal. From Montreal to Akademgorod. And so on. And ever since it’s always with me, in my bedroom or in my office. It’s a light that helped me to see things that I haven’t seen before, a light that helped me to comprehend things I never really understood before. People say it’s a found object. Well, not really, I didn’t find that object, that object found me. It was destined to find me. “Security is the most basic foundation of the individual”, one of my teachers told me at my high school graduation ceremony, in 1967. “Nothing good has ever come out of insecurity.” “Except for NEOISM?! ”, I noted about three decades later. During those three decades I have died and was resurrected several times; I escaped, I was a fugitive on the run, I was jailed, imprisoned, evicted, deported, banned, executed. This party sucks. I have to leave. I drove westward; the dawn was rising. Its colors lightened, the ambiguous contours of the dusk giving way to the clear outlines of the dunes along the horizon, the isolated watertowers standing like welcoming beacons. Do you think that NEOISM?! is wrong? Do you have any objection to plagiarism? Let us know your opinion. The majority of the above text was plundered from various essays, novels, articles written by Mao Tse-tung, Albert Camus, Amos Ih Tiao Chang, Laotzu, Henry Miller, Karl Edward Wagner, Henry David Thoreau, Joe Davis, Wilhelm Reich, Graham Masterton, Rosi Braidotti, Richard Foreman, AF Khan, Renato Vesco and David Hatcher Childress, JG Ballard. We’ll be glad to plunder and vandalize your stupid and brilliant ideas as well. But invariably, a few minutes into the play, something goes wrong in the relation between my spectator’s consciousness and the spectacle onstage. The scenery wears out, the paint on the drops and flats begins to look chalky and awful, the actors start to sweat. You wonder why they don’t notice you watching, why their gaze seems distracted. And soon you jump to thinking about them outside the play, and a tone of voice rings a little false, and you realize that NEOISM?! is falling apart. But you suppress that cry of anguish and replace it with a tiny bit of boredom and/or deadness of consciousness and you continue along your bumpy ride. She sat up and looked at me, her fingers still between here legs. She had lovely green eyes. She was beautiful. She talked in that kind of soft, husky voice that goes right down your spine. She said: “Here, let’s do some NEOISM?! ”. NEOISM?! is an error. She held up her breast in her hands. They were big and round and white. The nipples were soft and pink. She took my hand away from my cock and put my cock between her breasts, in her cleavage. Then with her hands, she started rubbing and rolling her breasts together, until my cock went hard and rose up in between them. She didn’t stop. She went on massaging my cock with her bare breasts. I grew tremendously stiff, and then I shot my wad right up her chest. As a computer security term, “integrity” is concerned with the trustworthiness of an automated system. It is conceivable that some future state of autonomous learning automata may produce unpredictable results, causing the machine to draw the wrong conclusions, take an actions when none is called for or remain inactive when action is critical. I parked my car right on the lawn, making tire marks all over the grass. I went inside and Monty Cantsin? was in there watching television. There was a strange dog in the room, lying on the rug. It was a poodle or something like that, and it shrank away and snarled at me while I came in. I said something to Monty Cantsin? like: “I’m going to fuck you”, and just pulled up her dress, pushing her dress to one side, and fucked her. In fact, the only way out of the trap is to look for a new order that is progressive, exciting or empowering for a while, before it needs of replacement in its turn. A philosophy of co-operating with the inevitable must take account of this. Assimilation with flux is false. The alternative to evolution is dissolution. At that very moment we are in search for some new ideas. Oh, yes, yeah, or whatever. We came to the final conclusion that NEOISM?! is just a stupid or rather stupoid joke. Oh yeah! Ah, ah! How many times I have to tell you to keep your mouth shut. Well, was that enough? REALITY FLUID REALITY FLUID 286 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 287 Hello, my name is Monty Cantsin? and I work at the Eaton Center Mall. I’m 26, very large chested with a great body, long slender legs. I love to wear red lipstick to make my mouth very sexy. I’m a lingerie freak who looks great in pantyhose and a bra with my high heels. I fully enjoy the erotic pleasures of The Game of NEOISM?! . Beside licking, sucking, blowing my portable megaphony whenever I feel the urge of subversive communication I also like to fuck my brains out from 6 o’clock to 6 o’clock. I’m also a writer and presently I’m working on The Book of NEOISM?! . For the intellectually very demanding process of writing I need constant inspiration through the hard action of sex. Please call me and share my trans-lesbian fantasies over a glass of Unicum. And when we run out of words let’s use other means of total contact. NEOISM?! is essentially not discussable, it is beyond words and languages. By reading this text you wont learn anything at all. You will only get confused and disappointed. You will also find it ridiculous and embarrassing that the author of this text wasted so much time and energy for useless spiel that has nothing to do with the subject. And even if it has it’s nothing valuable in the context of learning. And it’s full of grammatical errors and intellectual bullshit. I can talk about NEOISM?! anytime, anywhere, anyhow saying just anything whatever comes to my mind and it will be ok. Not only ok but clever, Not only clever but brilliant. The only important thing is to include the word NEOISM?! in almost every sentence. I’m a NEOIST?!—and NEOISTS?! draw lovers like dogshit draws flies. And what a piece of self-knowledge that is—I’m sexually irresistible to both men and women because I’ve been damned to NEOISM?! . It’s not even like they want me because I’m rich or famous. It isn’t me they’re smiling at at all, it’s The Curse of NEOISM?! . It’s infectious. In NEOISM?! we meet our own rejected thoughts, face to face, searchlight in our eyes. This sounds actually very accurate and true, and you probably think that there is a serious philosophical content behind the self-demolishing facade of my counter-propaganda. But that is only illusion. Because I have learned lots of tricks to deal with words without saying much or giving out too many secrets. Most of the time I plunder ideas from books, using the Hi-Liter-Method. I can’t read anymore without holding a yellow Hi-Liter in my right hand. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE SHAPESHIFTER SHAPESHIFTER THE SECOND 6 FINGER PLAN 288 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 289 scratching but not breaking it, still holding back. I felt her hands and lips work lower as well, pausing at my nipples and then at my navel. Then her fingers were groping at my belt as my lips nibbled at her inner thigh. She slid my zipper down and reached for my erect member. She grabbed it and pulled it out. I did the same with her hot rod. We stayed motionless for a little while, just holding each other, letting our veins to be filled completely, thinking about the pleasure we were going to experience. The pleasure that we could never describe we identified with one simple word: NEOISM?! . This book is the book of books incorporating all the books ever written. Yes, you are reading The Book of NEOISM?! that will never explain what the fuck is NEOISM?! . Empty-mess is the best explanation I can come up with right now. Empty-mess is the best explanation I can come up with right now. Empty-mess is the best explanation I can come up with right now. Emptymess is the best explanation I can come up with right now. Empty-mess is the best explanation I can come up with right now, I can come up with right now, come up with right now, right now. Often I lie because telling the truth would be totally boring. Often I lie because telling the truth would be totally boring. Often I lie because telling the truth would be totally boring. Each time people ask me what’s my profession, for example, I have to invent something new because I am unable to repeat the same thing over and over again. And it’s the same with any usual data. Last week I met Monty Cantsin? in a club and she gave me the key of Akademgorod. “You can visit me any time” she whispered to my ear and looked into my eyes. Her long eyelids touched my skin. Her eyes were laser red and cold as witchfire. They were the eyes of a white laboratory rat. “Monty Cantsin?... remember me? You gave me the key of Akademgorod and told me to come visit any time... I want to find out more about NEOISM?! .” “Yes, I remember, I’ve been waiting for you” she said and pulled herself upright exposing her bare white flesh down to her waist. She appeared to be supporting her entire body on her forearms, the muscles rigid as marble. I was surprised to find the insides of her arms free of needle tracks. Did she stop working on the Blood Campaign project that made him so infamous all over the World? She had flat and hairless chest, no nipples. Except for the champagne-colored hair on her head and her slightly darker eyebrows, Monty Cantsin?’s entire body was as smooth as glass. I took a step toward her. Monty Cantsin? smiled and moved to meet me, gliding from behind the bed. Her naked flesh glowed in the dark, as translucent as opal. When I like a line I mark it. But tonight something strange is happening and instead of copying highlighted phrases from books, I’m writing down my own stupid brilliant ideas, whatever my brain dictates. Just like any ordinary writer. One day I might even become a novelist if I improve my grammar. What a shame. There are NEOISM?! overdoses, although perhaps mind-poisoning or deadly confusion are more accurate terms. The first signs are overly intense revolutionary thinking, terrorizing hyperactivity followed by sudden lethal depression. Immortality can come in hours, usually from fighting with authorities, starving, prison or suicide. I almost finished a page and it only took a few minutes and a couple of ideas from Wittgenstein and Abbie Hoffman. Most of the time I get rid of my own thoughts before they would get stabilized on a page. It’s not that I don’t trust myself or I don’t think that I have great ideas, I do, yes, I have tons of great ideas, but (and this but is perhaps the most important word in this whole book) I’m more interested in using other peoples’ ideas than my own textual property in trying to define NEOISM?! . Amen Period And when I say that NEOISM?! is as American as apple pie I’m not just joking. NEOISM?! is a true American product that glorifies the superficiality of communication and the shallowness of aesthetics. Cary Grant attributed his “ability to stay young forever” to NEOISM?! . I haven’t had much time lately to read. And for me writing means first of all reading, collecting material, highlighting words, lines, paragraphs, often entire pages. This way I can go along without watching the way, without worrying about getting confused or falling out of context. I do whatever the moment dictates. That’s how I get into situations that are deliberately unconstructed and illogical. She pulled me down on the bed. I didn’t resist. Her lips found mine and her tongue slipped into my mouth. There was a trace of blood, left over from a bitten tongue or lip, and the taste was sweet, overpowering, just like The Aroma of NEOISM?! . We caressed each other’s breasts. She had really big ones, larger than mine. They felt like they were pumped up with hydraulic oil or filled with fresh hot cow milk. Her skin tingled beneath my hands as I traced veins, arteries, the delicate fuzz of capillaries with my fingertips. She kissed my breasts, working her way downward, scraping the skin of my abdomen delicately with her teeth, SHAPESHIFTER SHAPESHIFTER 290 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 291 I’m fed up with life, living in this fucking office, sitting at this table, waiting for inspiration or phone calls, playing the game of the great NEOIST?! who is unable to get out of misery. “If you are a genius you should be able to make money as well. In fact making money should be the easiest thing in life, especially for someone like you, The Founder of NEOISM?! . What are you waiting for? Get a job!” Miracles are gone, I learned that a few times, at my mother’s deathbed and in prison cells. Why do I let the World pull me back all the time? I don’t need the World, the World needs me, needs NEOISM?! . That’s why I’m here, that’s why I’m phrasing this fucking manifesto or what. Writing is a torture. I hate writing. I only like selecting words and put them in grammatically incorrect disorder. I have to finish this book, yes. I’m obsessed by the idea that one day I’m going to finish this book. The Book of NEOISM?! . When? At 6 o’clock, that’s all I can say now. Of course you think I appropriated all these stupid ideas from the greatest philosophy and history books, don’t you? Will it disappoint you if I confess the truth and tell you that most of these ideas actually originate from my own stupid brain? Will you feel cheated? Then you have to research again what is an original idea and where plunder and plagiarism begin. It is easy enough to demonstrate that you can’t even say a short sentence without recalling some already existing ideas. I repeat I am NEOISM?! : the ultimate product of total confusion. Am I pushing my cock into a girl’s cunt or is it a boy’s ass? No single answer will ever solve the problem. Am I pushing my cock into a girl’s cunt or is it a boy’s ass? No single answer will ever solve the problem. Am I pushing my cock into a girl’s cunt or is it a boy’s ass? No single answer will ever solve the problem. We are in Paris, sitting in a restaurant with Elena, talking about NEOISM?! . It is a run-down restaurant but it has a real French elegance. The floors are marble tiles, and there are potted palms and a ceiling fan that goes round and round. According to Elena NEOISM?! has nothing to do with real life, it’s only a game for unemployed intellectuals. Elena is wearing a thin gauzy dress of different colors. Her hair is short and she looks sexy. Her eyes are violet. Her genitals were overlarge, and as I watched, her penis grew to full erection. It was almost enough to take my mind off the fact that from the crotch down Monty Cantsin? was a snake. She moved like a cobra, holding her human self upright as she slithered forward. She towered over me, swaying slightly with every ripple of her abdomen. The revelation of Monty Cantsin?’s inhumanity was nowhere near as terrible as my realization that I still wanted to fuck her. “I’ve been searching for you for so long” I said “I want to learn everything about NEOISM?! . I’m ready for anything, let’s start immediately.” “I’ve been searching for you for so long” I repeated it “I want to learn everything about NEOISM?! . I’m ready for anything, let’s start immediately.” “I’ve been searching for you for so long” I repeated it for the third time “I want to learn everything about NEOISM?! . I’m ready for anything, let’s start immediately.” “I’m sorry I kept you waiting for all this time” Monty Cantsin? said and as she was talking she wrapped me in a moon-pale coil, her scales whispering against my flesh. She didn’t feel slimy at all. She felt so good I wanted to touch all over her body. I shed my clothes and gasped as her scales brushed against my naked flesh. I caresssssssed her and Monty Cantsin? hisssssssed her pleasure. What was left of my sanity fled as I felt myself respond to her sinuous constrictions and undulations. Cantsin?’s coil tightened, lifting me within reach of her human self. I clasped her forearms, reaching up to kiss her and wrapped my legs around her waist, lowering myself onto her erect penis. Cantsin?’s split tongue flickered out, tasting my moans. I pressed myself against her cool, dry skin and shivered as her tongue played across my breasts. For the first time in my life I was truly happy, cradled in the coils of the demon who’d braved the dangers of the mortal World in search of NEOISM?! . But right now I don’t know what the fuck I’m doing here. I have no idea. NEOISM?! seems to be a few million light years away. I try to focus on something that would help me to recharge my brain, I try to accumulate some new energy from the books surrounding me, but nothing works tonight. I’m lost. I’m going to take a shit, brush my teeth and go to sleep. SHAPESHIFTER SHAPESHIFTER 292 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 293 NEOISM?! is nothing but an enormous gush of city sentiment, a sort of accumulated vomit from a stomach stuffed with pseudo-names. The Book of NEOISM?! is something worse than worthless, but as an illustration of what the fuck someone can think what NEOISM?! is, it is a valuable document. NEOISM?! is sitting on a melting iceberg; she is merely an anachronism, a hangover from the bourgeois age, as surely doomed as the hippopotamus. She is completely negative, unconstructive, amoral, a passive acceptor of evil, a white corpse among the black. The machines that make machines are all directly or indirectly dependent upon NEOISM?! . What is the point of writing this book unless it is going to change the World? Monty Cantsin? is unquestionably the most controversial and influential figure in the history of worldwide confusion. Today the NEOIST?! conspiracy performs a unique role in the chaotic life of ultra-ordinary people: millions are using the same name Monty Cantsin? and are doing everything in The Name of NEOISM?! . What do we really know of Monty Cantsin?? What evidence is there for the unaccepted story of the open-pop-star? To what extent is this story the product of anti-social, counter-cultural and trans-political forces? Did hypnosis and sex play a part in The Spreading of NEOISM?! ? Crisis is The Joyful Opening Up of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! works towards a radical redefinition of political action. NEOISM?! wipes out racism. NEOISM?! is anti-entropic. Being old fashioned irritates people, therefore NEOISM?! should be oldfashioned: lots of cash, cars and sex. This is not a book. No. This is just a prolonged insult, a gob of bloody spit in the face of history, a kick in the pants to Monty Cantsin? and NEOISM?! . I’m frittering away my talents. I’m just singing a song, off key, but I’m singing. And I will sing while your croak, I will dance over your grave. This book is not a book. This book is what I’m singing. This book makes me sing: yes, I am Monty Cantsin?, NEOIST?! open-pop-star, self-appointed leader of the people of the Lower East Side(s). Will the reader actually realize that I repeat certain phrases or paragraphs so many times? Perhaps the editor of this book, if this manuscript will ever be edited for publishing, will have to read everything, go through the whole book from the no-beginning to the no-end and will remark this stylistic repetition. As she is talking to me with more and more convincing force in her voice, I realize that she is staring at my breasts through the thin fabric of my dress and that I am staring at her breasts through the thin fabric of her dress. I have a sudden urge to hold them and fondle them and she has a sudden urge to hold and fondle my breasts. So we start touching each other’s breasts while still having a dialogue about NEOISM?! . Elena is getting high and she keeps repeating the above already quoted statement like a whispering robot. My opinion is that NEOISM?! is much more complex than real life and it’s rather a game for aliens. Meanwhile she is sitting on my lap or I’m sitting on her lap. We are completely naked and our cunts are somehow connected by a shiny dildo of dark purple color. But I realize that it’s not a dildo but Elena’s cock. And Elena thinks it’s my cock and she also thinks that I’m just an unemployed intellectual playing The Game of NEOISM?! . While trying to prove The Complexity of NEOISM?! I’m driving myself madly into an orgasmic state of mind and body. Elena does the same and a few minutes later both of us are enjoying the heavy convulsions of a mutual orgasm. Did this short episode of my life help you to understand more about The True Meaning of NEOISM?! ? Don’t worry about the answer, there will be lot more of this kind of reading throughout the book. NEOISM?! is a movement for The Violent Overthrow of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! was invented by people who are not frightened by NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is slowly matured in poverty and obscurity, by people who know what they have got to do and therefore are able to wait. Nothing is easier than to write an obscene book about NEOISM?! in order to make money. NEOISM?! is slowly matured in poverty and obscurity, by people who know what they have got to do and therefore are able to wait. Nothing is easier than to write an obscene book about NEOISM?! in order to make money. By repeating phrases I try to create a beat that is helpful to memorize The Monotone Tunes of NEOISM?! . This is something I learned from such great composers and de-composers as for example Steve Reich, David Zack or tENTATIVELY, a cONVENIENCE. NEOISM?! is an illegal alien, someone without roots and without money, surrounded by heat, noise, confusion, darkness, foul air and, above all, an unbearably cramped space. SHAPESHIFTER SHAPESHIFTER 294 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 295 of my counter-propaganda. But that is only illusion. Because I have learned lots of tricks to deal with words without saying much or giving out too much that’s secret about NEOISM?! . In NEOISM?! we meet our own re-rejected thoughts. This sounds again actually very accurate and true, and you probably have another chance to rethink that there is a serious philosophical content behind the self-demolishing facade of my counter-propaganda. But that is not only illusion or fiction. Because I have learned lots of tricks to deal with words without saying much or giving out too much that’s secret about The Reality of NEOISM?! . Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my cunt! Fuck my ass! Fuck my mouth! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my cunt! Fuck my ass! Fuck my mouth! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my cunt! Fuck my ass! Fuck my mouth! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my cunt! Fuck my ass! Fuck my mouth! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my cunt! Fuck my ass! Fuck my mouth! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my cunt! Fuck my ass! Fuck my mouth! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my cunt! Fuck my ass! Fuck my mouth! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my cunt! Fuck my ass! Fuck my mouth! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my cunt! Fuck my ass! Fuck my mouth! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my cunt! Fuck my ass! Fuck my mouth! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my cunt! Fuck my ass! Fuck my mouth! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my cunt! Fuck my ass! Fuck my mouth! Fuck me! I was writing The Book of NEOISM?! on my old electric typewriter when my lover walked in. He saw me but he didn’t want to disturb me because he knew I was concentrating on my writing. The Book of NEOISM?! is the masterpiece of my life and my lover has lots of respect for my work. But as I touched the typewriter I had an electric shock, which seemed to run up my arms and then run like a sort of caterpillar between my legs. The sensation was so sexy that I could not sit anymore on my seat. I got up and walked up to my lover, I put my arms around his neck and lifted myself up on to him. I whispered in his ear: “I am not wearing any panties. You can fuck me if you want to.” “Let’s explore The True Meaning of NEOISM?! ” he nodded as he split his silk suit where it covered his prick, with his fingernail. His prick rose up, in three or four surges and stood there very big. I somehow twisted my legs around him, and he managed to put all four fingers of each of his hands into my pussy and stretch it apart so that he could run his prick right up me. It went in like The Sword of NEOISM?! . I let myself sit right down on it, and I was so far down that his balls touched my ass, and that was another pleasant sensations. Then I thought to myself, for once I am going to do this real slow. Usually I am very quick screw. But this time I was determined to enjoy every second of this monstrous prick. Actually, I have to note, the size of his cock wasn’t really important for me to define The Immense Significance of NEOISM?! . His opinion perhaps will be that it’s not necessary and that I’m just wasting lots of space. Yes, it’s true. NEOISM?! is nothing but wasting space and time. This induces the (quite wrong) assumption that dated computational techniques are structurally similar to the deep fracture of network-conspiracy. This phenomenon is similar to the trend tENTATIVELY, a cONVENIENCE calls de-cognitivism. Proposing a division between anti-matter and information products in non-biological systems is yet another instance of a trans-narrative deconstruction rooted in NEOISM?! . It serves to reinforce other such contrived dualistic structures as mind and body, form and content, skin and guts, food and shit, blood and gold. This separation is then denaturalized by The (N)omenclature of NEOISM?! , and the super-nature of confusion is applied to orgasmic files. The adage that a butterfly flapping its wings in the land of Akademgorod will cause a typhoon in the Lower East Side. Monty Cantsin? has achieved the status of a cliché, but it underlines the oft-elided fact that classical physics is capable of dealing with only small subset of physical phenomena and ignores the rest. I repeat: we want to put up some active resistance, but we also want to have fun and we want to do it our way. I can talk about NEOISM?! anytime, anywhere, anyhow saying just anything whatever comes to my mind and it will be ok. The only important thing is to include the word NEOISM?! in almost every sentence. The only important thing is to include the word NEOISM?! in almost every sentence. The only important thing is to include the word NEOISM?! in almost every sentence. I’m a NEOIST?! —and NEOIST?!s draw lovers like dogshit draws flies. And what a piece of self-knowledge that is—I’m sexually irresistible to both men and women because I’ve been damned to NEOISM?! . It’s not even like they want me because I’m rich or famous. It isn’t me they’re smiling at at all, it’s The Curse of NEOISM?! . In NEOISM?! we meet our own rejected thoughts. This sounds actually very accurate and true, and you probably think that there is a serious philosophical content behind the self-demolishing facade of my counter-propaganda. But that is only illusion. Because I have learned lots of tricks to deal with words without saying much or giving out too much that’s secret about NEOISM?! . In NEOISM?! we meet our own rejected thoughts. This sounds actually very accurate and true, and you probably think that there is a serious philosophical content behind the self-demolishing facade SHAPESHIFTER SHAPESHIFTER 296 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 297 I found myself in Akademgorod, The City of NEOISM?! , built in an extinct crater in the southern jungles of Genezuela. Believing the rest of the World to be under the control of energy companies, multi-national bankers and the military-industrial complex, I have remained isolated from the rest of the World, working subversively to foster chaos and confusion. NEOISM?! is a strategy which protects NEOISM?! from the question of dissolution and pays homage to the void in order to keep NEOISM?! on the dangerous side of nothingness. NEOISM?! is a great fear, too great to be ignored, but too fearful to admit. Still haunted by its beginning, NEOISM?! can now deal with death as a symbolic game in which it lets itself play, paddling in the shallows of dissolution and always facing the shore of confusion. NEOISM?! stands between something and nothing, with neither substance nor origin, it is neither simple appearance, nor a pure absence, but the eclipse of presence. I come from nowhere; I belong to nowhere. But I’m here to testify. NEOISM?! is that which is never produced, is never found where it is produced and as such forever eludes the discourse of production and undermines the idea that there is a real World and that something, be it the conspiracy, blood, confusion or destruction, makes it go around. NEOISM?! is the hyper-machinic trans-energy. The Goals of NEOISM?! are endlessly deferred; The Horizons of NEOISM?! continually recede. The Masters of NEOISM?! are always under threat, for nothing is greater than confusion, not even the order that destroys it. NEOISM?! C’est mois! So what is to be feared from NEOISM?! which is doomed to defeat and repetition? Plundered plunderists’ ideas in this chapter included: Ludwig Wittgenstein, Abbie Hoffman, Nancy A Collins, Kurt Busiek, Henry Miller, George Orwell, John Ward, Simon Penny, Susan J Owen, Isabel Eberstadt, Sadie Plant and probably others as well. But even if I name them would you ever be able to find out which ones belong to whom? It could have been smaller or bigger, but still The Power and Urgency of NEOISM?! would definitely manifest. The scale dependency and unpredictability of chaotic systems has led many literary critics to equate The Philosophy of NEOISM?! with the anti-totalizing impulse of post-erotic literary theory. So I went up and down on him, so slow and gentle that you could hardly see me move at all. And the nerves in my pussy started tickling, and then they itched, and then they warmed up and caught alight, and the juice was running out of me and lubricating his great prick, and I went up and down with the same lazy motions, even though I felt like going fast, and I held my muscles tight so that I could sense the wonderful bump of his knob as it went up and down inside me, and it came to a point where I was almost paralyzed with the built-up tension of wanting to come but controlling myself all the time, not letting it happen until every single nerve in my pussy was at bursting point. This interpretation of the new scientific paradigms ignores the fact that they have renounced globalization. NEOISM?! , for example, simply achieves totalization in a different way, by focusing on recursive symmetries between levels rather than by following the motion of individual molecules. Then I felt his sperm come pouring out of his prick, throb, throb, throb and throb. And I felt as though I’d been shut in a door, or struck by a train. My whole body seemed to ripple up and down his prick like lightning going up and down a lightning rod. I had always been drawn to people who were intelligent misfits, breakers of rules and disruptors of what I felt was depressingly conventional social order. Most of the people I loved were very unhappy, despite their bravado. My deepest desire was to help them express their most outrageous fantasies and understand that they could be admired and loved just as they were. I knew exactly what was required. Quickly I undressed. Then, kneeling, I started masturbating in a really fast motion. And I wanted to go even faster, just like a speeding machine. I felt I was going to fly up and break through the ceiling or I was going to simply explode. At this moment I knew I’ll never be able to define NEOISM?! . The impossibility of a definition seemed to be so clear that I felt the greatest pleasure going through my mind and body. NEOISM?! is the simulacra of nothing. NEOISM?! is the simulation of the void. SHAPESHIFTER SHAPESHIFTER 298 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 299 Hello baby, I am Monty Cantsin?, I am extremely brave and open minded. I am built from milk, honey, blood, urine, shit, rubber cement and all kind of sexy material you love to touch, taste, drink, chew, swallow, eat, kiss and smear. I’m not sure who am I: male, female, trans, or extraterrestrial alien. This confusion makes me even more attractive. I speak several languages but they all sound foreign to me. Often I can’t understand myself, my expressions, my style, my logic, my jokes. But all these, including my bad grammar, adds to my seductivness. My mission is to have sex with you and tell you everything about NEOISM?! through orgasmic communication. You can reach me any time, from 6 o’clock to 6 o’clock and I’m always ready to receive you in my headquarters. Together we can enjoy all of The Simple Pleasures of NEOISM?! from flaming iron rituals to ultra-noise actions via brainwashing or body electronics. So don’t waste your time alone and sad, call me now and I’ll take you to The Eldorado of NEOISM?! . The hot weather set in with a vengeance. Summer blazed out above the housetops. First a strong, scorching wind blew steadily for a whole day, dry - ing up the walls. And then the sun took charge, incessant waves of heat and light swept the town daylong, and, but for arcaded streets and the interiors of houses, everything lay naked to the dazzling impact of the light. It was plain to see that spring had spent itself, lavished its ardor on the myriads of flowers that were bursting everywhere into bloom, and now was being crushed out by the twofold onslaught of heat and NEOISM?! . That glimpse of spurting blood had switched his thoughts back to something that had been on his mind all day long. He was thinking about NEOISM?! . He made up different definitions such as this one: NEOISM?! is a dead rat lying in the middle of nowhere. But he never liked any of them, always wanted to have new definitions. Even if they didn’t make any sense or they were grammatically wrongly formulated, the new ones seemed to be always much better sounding. His lover, who had been with him for a year now, was due to leave next day for Akademgorod. He found her lying down in the bedroom, masturbating, using both of her hands. She gave him a smile. “I’m coming, I’m coming!” The conspirator gazed down at the convulsing body that turned towards him and in the glow of the bedside lamp he saw hundreds of bleeding, screaming rats. NEOISM?! is a killer concept. This idea pleased him for a short moment. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE PESTILENCE PESTILENCE The coat hanger is a radiant nimbus such as the Buddha himself might proudly wear. Hit the highway to immortality! 300 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 301 “More struggle! More privation! More anguish! More disillusionment!” These were her stimulants. She renounced everything, including her own ideas. Nothing, in fact, had ever interested her; work, friendship, clubs, music, sex—to all she was indifferent. She had never left her hometown except once when she had been called to Akademgorod for subversive affairs, and even then she had alighted from the train at the first station after her town, incapable of continuing the adventure. She took the first train back. She gave birth to 11 kinds of monster serpents and ferocious dragons. She was an anonymous messenger from another planet. “You have to know how to get along without cars, without refrigerators, without vacuum cleaners, electric razors, computers and all the other ‘indispensables’... even money.” She became like one in a frenzy and lost her reason. She cried out loud and furiously, shaking to her very foundations! Her six legs shook back and forth. “Nothing is accomplished without sacrifice!” She cut the arteries on her arms and split her skull with the telephone. That caused the north wind to carry the blood to out-of-the-way places and spread NEOISM?! all around the World. Nevertheless, many continued hoping that The Epidemic of NEOISM?! would soon die out and they and their families be spared. Thus they felt under no obligation to make any change in their habits, as yet. NEOISM?! was for them an unwelcome visitant, bound to take its leave one day as unexpectedly as it had come. Alarmed, but far from desperate, they hadn’t yet reached the phase when NEOISM?! would seem to them the very tissue of their convulsive existance. NEOISM?! had induced in them a curious frame of mind, as remote from indifference as from fervor. Then the gods, after a joyful banquet, in solemn assembly, recited the 50 names of Monty Cantsin?. “I do not claim to be right about my own pronouncements.” As Monty Cantsin? said, no one can be right without also being wrong. Nor do I have any pretension that I am saying anything new. It provides space for anyone who wants to be in the game (The Great Confusion). It is an interface, a link and a system integrated in one unit (Akademgorod). In fact it’s only a name of eight elegant letters, N, E, O, I, S, M, ?, !, that inspired a whole network of conspirators around the World to develop their ideas under the very same name. The questionmark and exclamationmark are part of NEOISM?! . But NEOISM?! is also a concept killer, he continued pondering. The Science-Fiction Aspect of NEOISM?! comes out in the psychology of the conspirators, who live in the not-so-distant future. There’s a pathology in their psychology. They are people who are disconnected, disaffected. And yet very desperate to connect, to confuse, to set things on fire, to experience collective love, group-orgasm and mass-suicide. One of NEOISM?! ’s greatest aims is to encourage people to be excited by their own boring ideas, and by the desire to appropriate other people’s boring ideas. If you do not understand NEOISM?! , ignore it. NEOISM?! makes perfect sense without understanding. NEOISM?! is what an idiot can understand and only an idiot will. NEOISM?! doesn’t have a significant dramatic progression. It is a voyage in darkness through a maze of confusing instructions, to individually incoherent experience. The situation worsened in the following days. There were more and more dead vermin in the streets and the scavengers had bigger vanloads every morning. On the fourth day the rats began to come out and die in batches. From basements, cellars and sewers they emerged in long wavering files into the light of day, swayed helplessly, then did a sort of pirouette and fell dead at the feet of the horrified onlookers. At night, in passages and alleys, their shrill little death-cries could be clearly heard. In the mornings the bodies were found lining the gutters, each with a gout of blood, like a red flower, on its tapering muzzle; some were bloated and already beginning to rot, others rigid, with their whiskers still erect. Each had the same sign branded on the skin, some kind of a hand written mark or rather tattoo-like signature: NEOISM?! . She was filled with NEOISM?! to escape the horrors of the present and willing to live like rats if only she might be left alone and in peace. Monty Cantsin? lived almost exclusively on peanut butter and wild mustard greens, and neither smoked nor drank. She sucked the breasts of goddesses and thus imbibed additional divine power and qualities. She spent the better years of her life in dingy holes and garrets, and though she was poor as a church mouse, she kept herself youthful, strong and healthy. PESTILENCE PESTILENCE 302 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 303 NEOISM?! is a translucent mystery. NEOISM?! is a devotional agony. NEOISM?! is a quest for vextasy. NEOISM?! is a society of conspirators. NEOISM?! is a spaceship of the inner radiance. NEOISM?! , even when it fails, is beautiful. If NEOISM?! was realizable it would no longer be NEOISM?! . When you have expressed yourself to the fullest, then and only then will it dawn upon you that everything has already been expressed, not in words alone but in deed, and that all you need really is say NEOISM?! . Those who appreciate NEOISM?! most are the outlaws. Resist the inevitable! Join the cult of sex and anarchy. Kill Monty Cantsin?! Make your own Bibles! When that dread mind-machine of NEOISM?! is working, the problem is how to take all that’s coming over the waves. Through NEOISM?! the mind becomes a steaming jungle of thoughts. NEOISM?! is an atavistic praxis of supernatural origin. NEOISM?! was brought into existance from vacuous nothing at the creation of the Universe. The Book of NEOISM?! is a dictionary, encyclopedia, manual of philosophy, science, history, all in one. NEOISM?! is painted in extremely dark and somber colors to make the greatness of its subsequent victory all the more evident. The Most Radical Redefinition of NEOISM?! that I could think of would be one that defines NEOISM?! without any reference to NEOISM?! . You can use any book, any text, any ideas to make a definition of NEOISM?! . You just pick a sentence and insert the word NEOISM?! somewhere. That’s it. You can make more adjustment if you like or leave everything as it is. Of course your definition won’t change anything. It will be added to the already accumulated millions of useless definitions of NEOISM?! . The process of accumulating definitions is more important than the actual definitions. We wont stop until everything that has been ever written will be integrated in The Book of NEOISM?! in the form of definitions. When this has been done we shall destroy The Book and start the accumulation process all over again. Today everything seems to be fucked up. When you are tired of NEOISM?! , you are tired of life. Wisdoms are clichés. The best ones are The Great Clichés of NEOISM?! . If you are a true conspirator of NEOISM?! you will pay no attention to good advice. You will make your own mistakes in your own peculiar way and so discover your own NEOISM?! . But can you make mistakes in NEOISM?! ? Mistakes ARE NEOISM?! . Has your angel touched you on the shoulder and told you that you must join NEOISM?! ? Do you believe that you are one of those who must serve The True Devil of NEOISM?! ? Are you willing to live in the dedicated service of The Great Confusion? It is not we who play with NEOISM?! . The Nature of NEOISM?! plays with us. NEOISM?! knows better than you what form it wants to have, what corners it wants to turn and what its real meaning is. Let it take you wherever it wants to go. Are you willing to accept NEOISM?! as the true faith? Do you want to be confused? Do you want to be confusing? Does the noise of your blood and the convulsion of your body set your nerves into eager anticipation? NEOISM?! renounces the World and its works. Specifically, the doctrines of the borethodox governments who condemn acts of NEOISM?! as a form of heresy. They are terrified by convulsive phenomena, by total freedom, by the glory of sex, by anything marred by the touch of a conspirator’s own hand. Government agents will tell you that you are mistaken, misguided, misbegotten and a miserable misfit. They are The Enemies of NEOISM?! . Don’t bother trying to confuse them. Just flame your iron and put on your flaming bread-hat. Monty Cantsin? is used to being asked to explain NEOISM?! in two minutes flat. What is the reward for becoming NEOISM?! . Nothing. Nothing but the joy of doing NEOISM?! . Nothing but the satisfaction of wasting your blood and turning your shit into gold. The Strategy of NEOISM?! : do what you are most afraid of doing. Your business is to take the risk of your madness. NEOISM?! is nothing new but what has been forgotten. NEOISM?! is a high form of yoga discipline. PESTILENCE PESTILENCE 304 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 305 One fine morning in the month of May an elegant young conspirator might have been seen riding a handsome sorrel mare along the flowery avenues of Akademgorod. The Production of NEOISM?! is a highly individual function, and consequently quite opposed to any social function. It can only be an antisocial function, or at least asocial. Monty Cantsin? could well write in her pamphlet Asphyxiante Culture: “The State, as I see it, has only one face—that of the police. To my eyes all government departments have this single face and I can’t imagine the ministry of culture as other than the police of culture, with its prefect superintendents.” Thus week by week the prisoners of NEOISM?! put up what fight they could. Some, like Monty Cantsin?, even contrived to fancy they were still behaving as normal people, not having the power of total freedom. But actually it would have been truer to say that by this time, 6 o’clock, NEOISM?! had swallowed up everything and everyone. Their individual destiny became part of The Collective Destiny of NEOISM?! , made of plagiarism and the confusion shared by all. It was at this time that a high wind rose and blew for several days through Akademgorod, The City of NEOISM?! . Wind is particularly worshipped by the inhabitants of Akademgorod, since the plateau on which the town is built presents no natural obstacle, and it can sweep the streets with unimpeded violence. People love to sit on their porch and watch the wind blowing through the city, creating beautiful black clouds of scrap and giant dust-flags. Many of them jump right into the whirling mess and dance along, in full convulsion, holding steamirons in their hands. They enjoy the smell of brine and seaweed coming from the storm-tossed sea. NEOISM?! had found more and more conspirators not only in the heart of the town but in the thickly populated and less well appointed outer districts as well. It launched newer and newer attacks and established itself in the business center. The police accused the wind of carrying infectious ideas, broadcasting The Germs of NEOISM?! . About the same time, at 6 o’clock, there were recrudescence outbreaks of fire. People who returned from international Apartment Festivals and training camps were responsible for these fires. Thrown off their normality by confusion and total freedom, they were burning their own houses to celebrate NEOISM?! . The theater of flames and danger became a constant spectacle for the happy inhabitants of Akademgorod. NEOISM?! is an extraordinary confusing construction. It is not just a subversive idea but a trans-techno-biological project. Conspirators have been sort of co-sprung with it. It’s part of our brains. It’s physiologically part of us, and something that is profoundly superficial and mysterious. NEOISM?! is bred within us and helps us to deconstruct the thoughts that let us perceive reality and convulse in it. The better we learn to confuse, the better we are equipped to recognize, understand and live in the environments that constitute our utopia. This is The Stuff of NEOISM?! . Anything affecting the growth and development of confusion in us also affects The Growth and Development of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! may reflect creative aggression and often elicits aggression from people before they join the conspiracy. NEOISM?! raises the same level of hostility from those who were committed to Fluxus or Situationism. NEOISM?! is just a convulsive expression of personality, a form of neurosis inherited from wayward parents, or acquired via a permissive lifestyle. NEOISM?! quotes previous eras and styles. It may appear as a jumble of incompatible features, as if fragments of past cultures have suddenly landed to decorate junkyards. In NEOISM?! humor and irony are dominant. Repeat it nine times every morning when you get up: NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! NEOISM?! . Translate it into your own words and work it into your manifestos. Sew it in your scarf. Tattoo it on a family pet. Eat it for breakfast. Have sex with it. Swap train numbers with it. Above all, say it to your friends. See how impressed they are? He was leaning over the edge of the bed, one hand pressed to his belly and the other to his neck, vomiting pinkish bile into a slop-pail. After retching for some moments, the man lay back again, gasping. His temperature was 103, the ganglions of his neck and limbs were swollen and two black patches were developing on his thighs. He complained of internal pains. “It’s like fire” he whimpered. “NEOISM?! is burning me inside.” NEOISM?! had killed all colors, vetoed pleasure. PESTILENCE PESTILENCE 306 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 307 parted company with NEOISM?! , and in lieu of wisdom, in lieu of salvation, took you for a ride to laughter unending. Someone said, “How does one become a NEOIST?! ?” Dr Reblaster Ackerman leaned forward, as if beginning a lecture. But he was actually sitting at a kitchen table in his house in San Antonio. This happened in 1985. The kitchen table was packed with mail-art, notes, drawings, empty pizza boxes, empty beer bottles. With one arm gesture Ackerman cleaned up the table. Everything was flying all over in the air until they hit the floor. Reblaster looked happy and smiled to the person who posed the question: “By simply doing everything in The Name of NEOISM?! . There are many legends. Some say dead wizards, werewolves, or heretics become NEOIST?!s ; those who have been excommunicated or die by suicide. Others say that it will occur if you make a flaming hat from a dead cat or run the marathon while holding a flaming steamiron in your right hand. Still others hold that it will be the illegitimate offspring of illegitimate parents. According to recent research coat hanger antennas can increase The Spreading of NEOISM?! .” Suddenly, Mr Zack, also know as Monty Cantsin?, who also participated in the kitchen conference in San Antonio through coat hanger transmission, gave a horrified sound. “Excuse me, ladies, I sometimes forget myself.” “We—my ancestors and I—have discerned that NEOISM?! is a contagion, a disease that is transmitted by the smile of a NEOIST?! to the innocent normal victim.” “The victim must change his name to Monty Cantsin? soon after, while the contagion is still active in the mind, or it will not take effect. I believe that the NEOIST?!ic contagion alters its victim’s brain cells, making them extremely insane so that they last, if not forever, then at least much longer than is usual. Also, their natural resistance is enhanced so that the NEOIST?! , who usually lives in complete misery, requires few nutrients, and is in fact stronger and better adapted to survive than ordinary citizens. I have acquired specimens of NEOIST?!ic brain tissue and examined them microscopically, and even performed certain experiments into the NEOIST?!ic misery ability that demonstrated an alteration in the classical properties of inflammation...” Someone in the audience cleared her throat. “I have no doubt that NEOISM?! is fascinating, but what is its relevance to the World?” “The relevance is that transformation into a Monty Cantsin? renders one totally free, dangerous and thus extremely difficult to manipulate. And the longer one remains a Monty Cantsin?, these properties are accentuated, and the more dangerous the NEOIST?! becomes.” In the growing darkness the overpopulated town of Akademgorod, palled in dust, swept by bitter sea-spray, and loud with the shrilling of the wind, stands as a damned monument of NEOISM?! . There was a rustling in the brush alongside the road. Monty Cantsin? froze, but the sound was not repeated. Some animal, she told herself fiercely. Nothing to worry about. She began to walk again, faster yet. The rustling seemed to keep pace with her. Something was following her through the woods. Something that preferred for the moment to keep itself hidden. Something was stalking her. How far was it to Akademgorod? And if she did get to Akademgorod, was it the haven she’d imagined? Or did greater danger await her there? She bolted and ran wildly down the road, her ragged breath trailing plumes of mist behind her as she ran. Her breath came faster and faster, the cold air burning her lungs as she sucked it in. It was quite dark now, and she stumbled on the ruts in the road and almost fell. The second time she stumbled she slowed her pace to a walk, then stopped together for a moment. She stood still willing herself out of her panic. She held her breath desperately and listened. It was quiet in the woods. She let her breath out in a shudder, and started forward slowly again. She was telling herself sternly that she’d behaved like a cowardly fool when a dark figure stepped out of the woods before her and stood blocking her way. “NEOISM?! ! Now!” the dark figure cried, and Monty Cantsin? felt relief. “Who are you?” she called. “It’s me, Monty Cantsin?, the open-pop-star!” came the answer. Anyone can be Monty Cantsin? by simply using the name Monty Cantsin?. All Monty Cantsin?s are different, there are no two identical Monty Cantsin?s. NEOISM?! attracts individuals who are struggling convulsively to pierce the hocus-pocus that envelops and obstructs our march through life. NEOISM?! is constantly supplying people with startling facts, amazing events, incredible experiences, chaos, confusion, flaming umbrellas, coat hanger cult parties. NEOISM?! incorporates all the dogmas and doctrines, even the most hairsplitting ones, which philosophers have ejected from their tortured brains. Nobody is spared; nothing is left sacred. NEOISM?! is an act of pure reverence for life. When your stomach muscles cease twitching, when you have wiped the last tear away, you realize not that you have made a fool of but that you have just PESTILENCE PESTILENCE 308 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 309 “If you lick my cunt in The Name of NEOISM?! or I suck your dick in The Name of NEOISM?! , you are doing NEOISM?! .” “Let’s party” said Mango and pulled off her shirt. Ona jumped on her and started sucking her tits. “Pull down your pants and fuck me in The Name of NEOISM?! , my cunt is hot and wet”, Mango said while helping Ona to undress. Ona had a purple cock. It was like a man’s cock, only purple all over, and it was wet and quivering. I grabbed it and helped to slide it inside Mango’s cunt. It felt very hard and slippery. Mango was totally excited. “Sit on my face in The Name of NEOISM?! , let me lick your cunt in The Name of NEOISM?! ”, she hissed at me. I spread my legs in The Name of NEOISM?! and felt Mango’s tongue rubbing my clitoris. Then she took whole mouthfuls of my pussy, hair, flesh and all. Ona started kissing me and put my hands on her breasts. “Squeeze my nipples really hard in The Name of NEOISM?! ” she yelled. “We should come at once in The Name of NEOISM?! ” proposed Mango “I’m really high, I can come any time.” “Wait” I said, “I need more NEOISM?! .” “Maybe this will help” said Ona and she pulled out her purple dick from Mango’s cunt. I felt the tip of her cock hitting my pussy. She forced her way into me while Mango kept licking both, my cunt and Ona’s dick. “Squeeze my tits harder” Ona whispered. In a few minutes we have destroyed the World with a huge orgasm in The Name of NEOISM?! . Ona and me wanted to continue the game but Mango had enough of it. “We are going to unveil our program next Saturday at 6 o’clock. I’m for anything you are for as long as it’s going to get some results for NEOISM?! . I’m for anything you are for. As long as it’s sexually convulsive, as long as it creates orgasmic confusion, as long as it’s aimed in the radical direction of pleasure—I’m for it.” Mango took a few seconds of break and then she continued her speech, getting more and more into it. “And what determines what we should do, or shouldn’t do, will in no way be influenced by what people in Uptown think.” “We don’t need anybody on the outside laying the ground rules by which we are going to fuck. We’ll study our bodies, study the genitals, study what pleasure we are for, and then outline or map our own fucking strategy. From morning to night Monty Cantsin? is at her stand shining shoes. And always in the same attire: riding pants and black shirt. People in Akademgorod patronize Monty Cantsin? because with the shoeshine they receive a few gratuitous words of confusion. One can’t help noticing his stand, which is at the entrance of the Shoplifting Center. Monty Cantsin? knows NEOISM?! . No matter how the conversation starts, it’s sure to finish with The Book of NEOISM?! . She quotes from it freely, and often at length, reciting chapter and verse together with commentary and exegesis. In her mouth the words sound pungent and provocative, alive and immediate. NEOISM?! never grows old. NEOISM?! stands for life, for growths, for flexibility, for experimentation, for subversion, for confusion. NEOISM?! is all at once, she is not at war with herself. Whatever Monty Cantsin? says about NEOISM?! is true. Monty Cantsin? may be the first conspirator in history to say there is no such thing as NEOISM?! . Complete denial is the key to Akademgorod, The Promised Land of NEOISM?! . Fuck NEOISM?! ! Now! I open a book at random and pick some lines. That’s how I start my day. I join some fictional characters and try to integrate myself in the story. It’s a morning exercise. I’m never alone. I met Ona last night in club on Richmond Street. She and her girlfriend, Mango, are friends of a friend and we had some drinks together. Then Mango proposed to drive us to her favorite lot where she usually goes after dancing to have sex with the lucky one she picked up. She swung the car in behind a big long boxy hover, a white one with a short phrase painted across the rear doors in square red letters. “What’s it say?” Ona asked, then felt herself blush. “Fuck NEOISM?! ! Now!” Mango said. Ona thought she’d heard that before. “Of course you did” I said “all night long in the club I was talking about NEOISM?! . I whispered this slogan in your ears at least 14 times. That’s my job. I have to spread NEOISM?! by all means. That’s all I do, nothing else.” “What about sex?” Mango turned to me. “Anything you want” I said “but we have to do it in The Name of NEOISM?! .” “So whatever you do in The Name of NEOISM?! is NEOISM?! ” summed up Ona. “That’s right” I said. “It is abundantly clear, in fact, that NEOISM?! is difficult to define; it is based on ambiguities, it asserts confusion. In NEOISM?! , the combat zones and the available means are plentiful.” PESTILENCE PESTILENCE 310 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 311 I’m not sure if it’s really important to mention that who were the people who have involuntarily contributed some weak and some strong ideas to this chapter, but here is a list of names: James Broughton, Henry Miller, Derrick de Kerckhove, Albert Camus, Neil Randall, David Cronenberg, Jean Cassou, Gilbert Lascault, Jean Dubuffet, Sharon Bainbridge, William Gibson, Graham Masterton, Malcolm X, Georg Jappe, Joseph Beuys. And we’ll get some results. But as long as you have someone coming from the outside telling you how you should fuck and how you shouldn’t fuck, you’ll never get an orgasm.” She gave us a lift to Ona’s place. “I fuck you again soon in The Name of NEOISM?! ” she said as she drove away in The Name of NEOISM?! . Everything I had written about NEOISM?! I could just as well have said the opposite. And, indeed, as Monty Cantsin? listened to the cries of pleasure rising from Akademgorod, she remembered that such pleasure is always imperiled. He knew that The Bacillus of NEOISM?! never dies or disappears for good; that it can lie dormant for years in file cabinets and refrigerators; that it bides its time in bedrooms, cellars, trunks and bookshelves. And then after a sudden outbreak the World gets infected by NEOISM?! . It can happen basically any time. The Dangers of NEOISM?! are undeniable. Homeland Security border guards are specifically trained to catch criminals trying to smuggle NEOISM?! into their country. Long discussions about NEOISM?! at the US border should be recorded and published in specific books helping students to understand why the US is afraid about NEOISM?! . Mental well-being, dr Al Ackerman theorizes, depends on one’s belief that life is orderly, comprehensible, structured and predictable. Dr Al Ackerman suggests, as Freud did, that psychological illness is born of narrative incoherence caused by NEOISM?! , a life story veering off course. Red chalk graffiti on a door: “Come in, I’ve hanged myself for NEOISM?! .” But you can’t open the door, only look through a hole. A black hole. The Asshole of Monty Cantsin? . PESTILENCE PESTILENCE 312 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 313 Hi, my name is Monty Cantsin?, condemned to stay forever young, sexy and poor. I’m well shaped and hot like a flaming steamiron. I love hot blood tubes, international blood bathing, freshly blooded sheets and walls and all-night passionate bloody riots. But if you think that I am just a bloodthirsty vampire then think again. Think about the millions of red blood cells you produce every second. Without them there is no pleasure, no life, no future, no NEOISM?! . If you are the same and you think the same let’s get together and plan our next revolution to change the World. Bring billions of blood cells. I can also change your haircut and your ideas about misery. I think you need my very sensual help and partnership to fully understand The World of NEOISM?! . In return you can help me to have new inspiration for the writing of my endless philosophical essay The Book of NEOISM?! . And beside helping me with inspiration you can also help me with my writing. I’m a bad writer as you probably deciphered by now. I’m unable to articulate myself without help from others, For me writing is a community effort. Otherwise I’m making too many linguistic mistakes. I have to suck other people’s brains. Join me in my endless adventure. Once you came with me you will never want to leave again The Universal Confusion of Bullshit and Pleasure of NEOISM?! that I represent. When you need hot shit, we’re all you need! The dark dunes, their crests touched by the spectral light, receded like the waves of a midnight sea. From the window one could enjoy an enchanting view of Akademgorod, green and gray: the green of trees planted in countless courtyards and the gray of concrete buildings. And as far as the horizon there was the clearest sky of blue suffused with luminous gold. I pressed my ear to the wall of my prison cell. I heard the sounds of decay in progress, the struggle of collapsing isms of a sinking World. I could hear the cries of the reptile birds of capitalism diving from the Supreme Tower of Totalitaria onto their prey below, their ungainly wings unshackling as they fell. Astonished, I started banging on the wall, feeling the hard surface of concrete but pretending that it was only a stage set that will collapse to the rhythmic force of my fists. Not that I wanted to escape. No. I had no intention to return to the World I’ve left behind a long time ago. The prison was my respected home, the scene of TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE BULLSHIT BULLSHIT The eponymous hero POINTING TO INVISIBLE IMAGES 314 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 315 Whenever we see the word NEOISM?! we automatically think of Monty Cantsin?. Indeed, we commonly think of our World as a World of Monty Cantsin?s. Who is Monty Cantsin?? Monty Cantsin? is an open-pop-star. Anyone can be Monty Cantsin? by simply using the name and doing everything in the name of Monty Cantsin? and NEOISM?! . You probably have heard this before. Maybe millions of times but maybe not at all. My reason to repeat it over and over again is that this book doesn’t have to be read from the beginning to the end and you can pick any parts and then jump to a different one. So by repeating the same idea several times throughout this book I give the reader more chance to find it. It is also a re-post-poetical and re-de-compositional method to de-increase the quality of my anti-literary style. What you do is you resist writing. I mean you don’t try to come up with a round-ass (il)logical by-structure (de) composed from stupid words. You just don’t care about writing. Words are useless. Writing is dead. All books should be burned once and for all. Right now I don’t have any ideas and I’m just trying to improvise something to fill a couple of pages with NEOISM?! . I’m empty, burned out, tired of the whole bullshit that means writing this book. Fuck this book! It’s only pure bullshit anyway. Yes, it is and that’s why I have to do it. What else I could do? I dedicated my life to the total exploration of The Pure Bullshit of NEOISM?! . And if NEOISM?! is pure bullshit that’s already a reason to be engaged with the writing of this book. Because to define pure bullshit is difficult and overly complicated. No thinkers, philosophers, contemplating types ever took time to draw up the theory of pure bullshit, to formulate its concept. I’m doing it now and I wont give it up. When I say fuck this book I mean it but I don’t mean to stop making this book. What I mean is more than just denial, negation, refusal. More? How can it be more? That’s something I have to find out during the process of making this book. The amount of time I have invested in this book is ridiculous. But what else I could do? How could I write this book without spending time and energy? I could perhaps hire someone to do it for me. an ongoing NEOIST?! Apartment Festival, with lots of participants from all around the World. The sound I was hearing came from the neighboring cell, home of tENTATIVELY, a cONVENIENCE. He turned his cell into a sound studio, using old tapedecks, broken synthesizers, junk instruments, whatever he could get through the prison’s pirate system. He played almost continuously, creating a new prison cell concerto every hour. Sudden changes and abrupt ending are definite structural signs of NEOISM?! . I stopped my banging and pressed my ear to the wall again. This time I closed my eyes and as the sounds of the decay of capitalism echoed in my ears I saw a sudden image of a lonely bay millions of years earlier. High cliffs of white shale reached to the sky, and huge reptiles sidled along the coarse beaches, baying at the grotesque armored fish that lunged at them from the shallows. Volcanic cones ringed the horizon, their red vents staining the sky. There were plaster statues painted an ugly brown color, life-size. I enjoyed the noise of tENTA so much that it gave me the pleasure of an orgasm. This was my favorite way of sexual gratification. I could repeat it again and again every hour. My ear against the concrete wall became my new symbol for sex and NEOISM?! . tENTA is also known as tENTATIVELY, a cONVENIENCE, but I like to call him tENTA. This short episode from my prison life was only a conditioner for your brain and it is perhaps enough for now to increase your interest to continue reading this book. But I have no story to tell and I hate writing. I keep working on this fucking book because I have to put down words in order to fill these damn pages. Each chapter is a struggle through an endless field of futility. When I’m trying to anal-eyeze NEOISM?! to see what’s bullshit and what’s real, I always find that only bullshit is real... it’s real part of NEOISM?! . It’s not anything negative, it’s just bullshit. From the very beginning I try to make confusing The Direction and Aim of NEOISM?! . I am meanly aware that I am myself NEOISM?! and that its history is also my own. NEOISM?! is completely without meaning unless it is related to necessity, unless it represents victory over necessity. No social, human or spiritual fact is so important as The Fact of NEOISM?! in the anti-postmodern World. And yet no subject is so little understood. Let me try to make some more confusion to situate The Phenomenon of NEOISM?! . BULLSHIT BULLSHIT 316 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 317 Most of the time I simply appropriate ideas from books that are on the floor surrounding my table but occasionally I use my own brain as well. But who knows when I use my own brain when the information in my own brain is made up of ideas appropriated through reading the books of other people. And even if I have never read any books there is enough information genetically input into my brain cells to fill millions of pages. I went to the park for a run in The Name of NEOISM?! . Afterwards I went to the house in The Name of NEOISM?! . Nobody was home except one of the tenants, a student who rents a room upstairs in The Name of Whatever Studies at Whatever University. I took the liberty to take a shower in The Name of Filthyness as I slept on my studio’s floor and didn’t clean myself for a few days in The Name of NEOISM?! . While I was in the bathroom in The Name of NEOISM?! Krista Goddess came home with the kids in The Name of Lunchtime. When she saw me coming out from the bathroom in The Name of NEOISM?! she started arguing in The Name of Reason that I have no right to enter the house in The Name of NEOISM?! without her permission, that I should go to a public bath in The Name of Whatever. This argument started other endless subjects like money, ownership of the house, who paid for what etc. Finally Krista began yelling and soon screaming her head off in The Name of Motherhood and Family Life. She went completely mad in The Name of Financial Crisis, out of her mind in The Name of a Nervous Breakdown. I have never seen anyone screaming like that in The Name of Anything. Not even NEOISM?! . The kids were watching TV in the living room in The Name of Bugs Bunny. Babylon covered his ears with his hands in The Name of Fear and Terror. While I was saying good bye to them in The Name of a Happier Next Time Krista continued screaming in high frequency voice in The Name of Emergency Sirens and with full force in The Name of Insanity threatening me to call the police in The Name of Protection if I don’t leave immediately in The Name of Murder and Suicide. A situation incomparable to anything but NEOISM?! . Then suddenly she broke into tears, began hysterically crying and asked for Noel’s help in The Name of Another Nervous Breakdown. I was on my way out in The Name of a Better Life when the baby, who was sleeping on the porch in The Name of Peace and Love, woke up in The Name of Too Much Noise. I lifted her out from the baby carriage in The Name of Comforting. At that moment Krista run out from the kitchen in The Name of Mother Tiger, she grabbed the baby from my arms in The Name of Total Control. When she slammed the door on my face in The Name of Separation I could clearly hear The Voice of NEOISM?! . But can I afford to pay for it? No. And even if I could what could I tell the person to be hired? How could I explain what has to be done? What is NEOISM?! ? What is pure bullshit? I could always say to someone: just write anything you want in The Name of NEOISM?! , meaning that the word NEOISM?! has to be included in almost every sentences. But is it that simple? Yes. No. But there are no special subjects, issues to explore? No. Any subject is ok. But what about style? What should it reflect? Should it be intellectually charged or poorly presented, scientific technoblablabla or everyday blahblahblah...? NEOISM?! ridicules the pretence of mastery, makes solemnity laughable, capitulates the semiotically impotent Universe of postmodernity. Whatever. Whatever comes to your mind first. I really don’t care. The most important is to fill the pages with useless information in order to make a strong statement of pure bullshit that defines The Futility of NEOISM?! . What is important that you try not to use your own stupid ideas and puffed-up brain but get ideas from other people, books, mags, from anywhere you can. Though I’m sitting at this computer and I’m using the keyboard to immortalize my ideas, I’m only playing The Game of NEOISM?! . It would be even better if I would not write down anything, however, I note, that by writing this text I do not betray my own concept of resistance but I rather apply The Theory of NEOISM?! according to my need. The Theory of NEOISM?! encourages you to do anything you want in The Name of NEOISM?! . And I want to write a book in The Name of NEOISM?! . This book will be The Book of NEOISM?! . My method of writing is to resist writing. This resistance means quality only and my concept won’t be contradicted and contaminated by the number of pages I produce. It took a millennium to write the bible. My goal is to never finish this book. The Book of NEOISM?! shall be still unfinished even in a few million years. BULLSHIT BULLSHIT 318 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 319 They are part of my desperate effort to give a title to a CD to be released soon on Musicus Phycus. They create The Right Fuckoff Ambiance of NEOISM?! for this page. Aliens Making Endless Noise / ACTION MECHANISM EMERGENCY NOISE / ALTERMACHINELVISNOISE / ANTI-MACARONI ENSEMBLE of NEOISM?! ALTER-MACHINE ANTIMUSIC MESSIAH & EMISSARY of NEOISM?! AlterMachinElvisNoise ANTI TESTAMENT TEST A M E N! T testAMEN!t ALTERMACHINEGONOISE AlterMachinEgoN(a)ut / ADD IT TO THE BIBLE! BIBLE-THUMPER / APOCHRYPHA of NEOISM?! / Refuse! Deny! Negate! (R!D!N!)/ Ruthless Dictator of NEOISM?! / Fuck your money, I want your soul! and body! / Bombs for the family/ Do you listen to music on the radio? No, I don’t like music. Do you watch television? No, I don’t like television. Do you take walks in the park? No, I don’t like taking walks. What do you do? I read The Book of NEOISM?! . It was a magnificent day. Large red clouds, gold around their edges, lazily crossed the sky. The plain of Akademgorod was a springtime green, bright and clear as far as the dark blue of hills. The Nature of NEOISM?! is such that a too analytical and tangible approach would tend to make the idea fade. NEOISM?! is not only deadly but also dishonest simply because it expresses another thing that used to be. It is dangerous, however, to call NEOISM?! abstraction because any abstraction will provoke specific meaning of its own and could be easily mistaken as geometrical uniformity of structural standardization. As a result, new formalism may flourish and what used to be pure bullshit and expressive deadend becomes teaching and no amount of additional decoration and concrete symbolism can save it from being monotonous and meaningless. A new epoch of book burnings has arrived. Campfires of NEOISM?! . And we fall in love while looking at the burning pages. We fall in love with the burning pages while looking at the flames. We fall in love with the flames while looking at each other. We fall in love with NEOISM?! while burning books. We fall in love with a new epoch while burning NEOISM?! . All I want is to finish this chapter but instead of writing it I’m just daydreaming, meditating, or just sitting in front of the computer doing nothing. I am I came back to my studio in The Name of Where Else Could I Go and called home in The Name of Feeling Responsible and to see what was going on in The Name of a Sunday Afternoon. “I’m ok”, she yelled in The Name of Confusion and Anger and hung up in The Name of a Bitch. NEOISM?! is there in every moment of life. In total banality and absolute disorder. NEOISM?! pisses a lot of people off, because NEOIST?!s attach little importance to NEOISM?! . There are times when I copy parts of my previous writings, segments from my diary, notebooks, correspondence. I can fit anything into these pages of bullshit. Just anything. Of course because this book contains ideas from so many great writers nobody knows really which belongs to whom. And nobody knows which belongs to me. Like this one for example. Is this my original, super-individual, total-unique shit? Or do you think it comes from a book written by Hakim Bey? Just accept the fact that everybody is a pirate and you are on The Beautiful Confusion Island of NEOISM?! . It’s not even an island. This endless land incorporates the whole World, the whole universal bullshit of what I’m talking about for millions of years. Can you hear me, Krista? NEOISM?! is both a new revolutionary language and an attitude of mind. NEOISM?! is an attempt to remove aesthetics from consideration. NEOIST?!s play without concern for reputation, history, competition or labor. Taste is The Enemy of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! expresses what it could be by expressing what is not. It is difficult to forget that NEOISM?! doesn’t exist because it does exist. Wave transmission is one of The Central Anti-Principles of NEOISM?! . NEOIST?!s transmit ideas through hypersensory psychotronic communication using the coat hanger as antenna to increase the transmission and reception of telepathic waves. Put on your coat hanger antenna and join the Coat Hanger Cult now! The coat hanger is the new herald of the beauty of communication, the aura of extrasensory function, the enduring worth of telepathy. It’s a divine device for immediate global hyper-communication. Nothing makes you feel as good as a coat hanger antenna. The sheer quality you sense when you first place it on your head will be a memorable experience. The elegance and beauty of its design are sure to enhance any occasion. Even the simple joy of owning a coat hanger can add something to your day. It tells you all the bullshit about NEOISM?! . Instead of throwing the following titles in the garbage I copied them here. BULLSHIT BULLSHIT 320 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 321 Krista sits up and opens her legs wide. Her pubic hair is black and shiny. She opens her pussy, and the skin is glistening wet with her gold love juice. She digs her fingers right in there, and stretches it wide, so I can see right up inside her hole. She says to me, “Here is the gate of Akademgorod, The Promised Land of NEOISM?! , see if you can get your tongue in here”, something like that. She’s laughing, really enjoying herself. I push my face into her pussy, and the gold juice squishes all over my face, into my mouth, into my eyes and eyelashes and over my cheeks. I lick as deeply inside her as I can, and at the same time I push my thumb up her bottom, wiggling it backward and forward to turn her on even more. She grips on to my hair and pulls my face deeper into her pussy. The easiest thing is to write about NEOISM?! because you can just say anything, it is great. To criticize The Book of NEOISM?! is impossible since it is based on the bullshit of criticism. I’m always thinking about NEOISM?! , in any situation, from morning till night, and even in my sleep, but still, I have never been able to gather a definition of NEOISM?! that would satisfy my brain, not talking about my sexual organs. Monty Cantsin? isn’t really capable of any kind of complicated thoughts or ideas. Ideas need a verb and a noun, a subject. Monty Cantsin? speaks in a kind of stumbling staccato. You have to finish sentences for her. She operates through people who do things for her. She wishes things into happening, things that she herself can’t do. When you need hot shit, we’re all you need! Monty Cantsin? probably never reads the books written for him by others. Words are extremely difficult for her to put together or to deal with. She certainly doesn’t have any kind of aesthetic. Because she makes so little sense, people are not only finishing sentences for her but inventing things that she might have meant, and ascribing to her ideas she is unable to comprehend. NEOISM?! puts throwaway culture back into revolution and reaffirms the value of the discarded. Whenever we see the word NEOISM?! we automatically think of Monty Cantsin?. Indeed, we commonly think of our World as a world of Monty Cantsin?s. Who is Monty Cantsin?? Monty Cantsin? is an open-pop-star. Anyone can be Monty Cantsin? by simply using the name and doing everything in the name of Monty Cantsin? and NEOISM?! . You probably have heard this before. My reason to repeat it over and over again is that this book doesn’t have to be read from the beginning to the end and you can pick any parts and then jump to a different one. So by repeating the same idea several times throughout this book I give the reader more at The Over-Developed Stage of NEOISM?! where doing nothing is much more significant than being activated. While the ghosts are having sex around me, fucking their brains out in clinical silence, I’m just watching into the empty and unfocused reality of my life. I want to give up NEOISM?! and start something else, be a different person. I only have a $5/day budget to survive. NEOISM?! brought me only misery. NEOISM?! is misery. Let’s get rid of NEOISM?! . This morning when I went to visit my kids Krista was extremely angry and violent, and in front of the kids she yelled to me “I’ll go after you with a baseball bat! I don’t need NEOISM?! here! Get the fuck out you asshole or I’ll call the police!” While I was getting the kids ready for the day she continued screaming: “Go, NEOISM?! ! Get the fuck out! You have nothing to do here! We don’t want NEOISM?! !” She seemed to be completely out of her mind. She kept yelling while Jericho, Babylon and me were leaving the house, then she grabbed Nineveh from my arm and slammed the door on us. “I need my own space! I don’t want to talk to you about NEOISM?! .” Knowing that The Being of NEOISM?! is created on the basis of non-being, a NEOIST?! acquires maximum freedom of expression. The next thing I know we’re lying in bed together, Krista and I. It’s an old brass bed, with crisp linen sheets and embroidered pillowslips. I have the impression that it’s mid-morning, and that we’ve slept late. It’s very warm. We could be in Italy, or some other Mediterranean country. There are oranges in a white dish by the bed. Krista is naked. She is brown skinned and has large breasts with wide, dark brown nipples. Her hair is dark now, not blonde—long and dark and flowing. Her eyes are big and green. She is parting her lips and saying something to me, but I can’t make out what it is. It sounds like “NEOISM?! , I love you NEOISM?! .” I reach out and take her in my arms. She is warm and soft and I am very aroused by the squishy feeling of her bare breasts. She opens her mouth and we kiss. We fondle each other and roll over and over on the bed, gasping and sighing. Someone is singing in the garden outside, a very beautiful song, sounds like The Hymn of NEOISM?! . I sync my movements to the rhythm of the song as I kiss Krista’s breasts and roll her nipples between my tongue and the roof of my mouth. They feel round and hard and have a sweetish taste. BULLSHIT BULLSHIT 322 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FOURTH VOLUME 323 live for NEOISM?! and in The Name of NEOISM?! , by any means whatever. Any genitals endorse NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is merely a game. NEOISM?! is aristocratic, with duels and challenges, vandalism and performances, a mode in which the multi-subject can indulge. NEOISM?! wants to play with the subject of confusion and will tempt total dissolution and destruction. In its aristocratic forms, NEOISM?! promises a fantasy that makes people feel unsafe and disappointed. But the game can never end: NEOISM?! plays with the real world of confusion. If the game becomes serious, NEOISM?! does indeed begin to dissolve the certainties of its reality. NEOISM?! ’s task is to protect NEOISM?! from its own worst excess, and in so doing protect NEOISM?! from the point at which NEOISM?! becomes more than a game. NEOISM?! has a certain function or intention, to arouse its audience intellectually, and also a certain content, explicit representations of confusing material. NEOISM?! cannot become real because reality would destroy it. At once attracted and repelled by its fatal games and strategies, NEOISM?! insists on the supremacy of confusion, but also resists its excessive limits. NEOISM?! must be secret and concealed, not quite real, never quite here. NEOISM?! represents an evasion of definition. Even if by means of some kind of intuitive insight we were able instantly to recognize NEOISM?! , we would still not be able to say upon inspection what it is that NEOIST?!ic about NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is an enormous confusion over terminology. We suspect that the word NEOISM?! may now be worn out, and past any useful employment at all. It is certainly to exhausted to do any more work in NEOISM?! . To call something NEOISM?! is plainly to condemn it. I condemn to death by firing squad the following authors, most of whom are already dead, for conspiring with me to finish this chapter: Jacques Ellul, JG Ballard, RU Sirius, Alberto Moravia, Amos Ih Tiao Chang, Paul Morrissey, Zygmunt Bauman, Jean Baudrillard, Sadie Plant, Gordon Hawkins and Franklin E Zimring. chance to find it. It is also a re-post-poetical and re-de-compositional method to de-increase the quality of my anti-literary style. What you do is you resist writing. I mean you don’t try to come up with a round-ass (il)logical by-structure (de) composed from stupid words. You just don’t care about writing. Words are useless. Writing is dead. All books should be burned once and for all. All I’m interested about is sex. NEOISM?! is sex. Sex is the only true activity that creates freedom. NEOISM?! is total freedom. Our faces are pressed together as we both try to lick at the same juicy pot. We are licking pussy, licking each other’s mouths and lips and generally licking up the wettest mixture of pussy juice and saliva you ever saw. The worst thing is that sometime I have to think and that makes me feel really powerless. Because when I think I never get any good ideas. I get my ideas when I shamelessly copy the ideas of other people. There is NEOISM?! in every stolen ideas. NEOISM?! can only survive in the land of piracy. That’s why we often use the term pirocracy when we introduce NEOISM?! . It explains everything. Pirocracy is a basic term of trans-post-anti-aesthetics. Run through these pages, page after page after page, with growing speed and carelessness, without paying any attention to NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is an opaque cloud of diffuse sensations and shifty feelings. NEOISM?! is the emblem of savagery that defeated the drill of civilization. NEOISM?! , as the nagging reminder of failure, is truly embarrassing. NEOISM?! is a vocation which is never be fully satisfied with its accomplishment. The Excommunication of NEOISM?! keeps conspirators constantly on alert. The Exiled Prophet of NEOISM?! crawls back to the paradise of artificiality. Today the orgy is NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! has shown genius in its irrepressible development of convulsion, subversion and defection. Death is the ultimate step toward NEOISM?! . The ultimate achievement is to die for NEOISM?! and in The Name of NEOISM?! , by any means whatever. NEOISM?! contradicts all genitals. NEOISM?! can be prolonged and extended by inversion. Birth is the ultimate step toward NEOISM?! . The ultimate achievement is to BULLSHIT BULLSHIT BOOKS FOR FUEL Akademgorod BASIC TACTICS 326 FUCKING ROBOT 338 PAPER TIGERS 354 NOMADITY 366 BECAUSE EVERYONE 380 BORDELLO 392 FIFTH VOLUME 326 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 327 I n Akademgorod, Monty Cantsin? calls the shots. He is a twisted clown, hailing from some unimaginable planet to promote irreverence, absurdity and hysterical anarchy as the best remedy for what ails the city. In his brilliant madness, Monty Cantsin? has quite simply reinvented NEOISM?! , pushing it to the extremes of reason. He melts down cultures and genres, fusing them into a demented amalgam that catches the attention of the entire World. A statement of NEOISM?! is not yet a definition; to define NEOISM?! is to negate it. NEOISM?! is a process, in the course of which the irrational foundations of total freedom come out into the open. From the very beginning I had only a name, that was NEOISM?! . I didn’t want it to be anything that needed work, I just wanted it to unfold as it goes, without any hard work, like a game. I wanted everyone to do everything in the name of this thing that was NEOISM?! . I mean it was not a thing, only a name, but in my mind sometime it seemed to be a massive theater play, some kind of total theater that needed a thousand year to unfold. That’s all I was thinking about all the time: NEOISM?! . And I thought maybe other people want to do the same thing. I did a concert in Budapest and I met a guy from America and he told me that I would be perfect for the Monty Cantsin? role. That was David Zack. His mission was to find someone to start the Monty Cantsin? open-pop-star project. I didn’t know who was Monty Cantsin? but from then on I started to use the name and I introduced myself as Monty Cantsin?. I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! And I repeated it so many times that I really became Monty Cantsin?. The name. Because Monty Cantsin is only a name. Or let’s say it this way: it WAS only a name then. But today there are so many Monty Cantsin?s that no one knows who is Monty Cantsin? and that’s great. That’s what NEOISM?! is. Nobody knows what it is. At that time I didn’t use the question mark as part of the name, it was written without it. I added the question mark much later, but I don’t always use it; however, in this book, Monty Cantsin? is written with a question mark. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE BASIC TACTICS enforced self-evolution and constant updating BASIC TACTICS “My preyers, my sacrifice, my life and my death belong to NEOISM?! ” Monty Cantsin? 328 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 329 for NEOISM?! . For a name that is good for everything. Partly it comes out of our subconscious. But it’s there in reality. You can see it when you look at a television or read the newspapers. NEOISM?! is everywhere. But, of course, don’t get me wrong, it’s not what you really see, it’s what you make up in The Name of NEOISM?! . It’s both a very deep and very superficial thing. And it all depends on you. Something must come out from this. It takes some psychoanalysis. In the early times there were only a few Monty Cantsin?s. I was the first. And of course David. We performed different actions, music, happenings, whatever, we read poetry, went to parties, got into fights, stayed up all night, wrote letters, printed flyers and always did everything in the name of Monty Cantsin?. That’s all you have to do: do everything in the name of Monty Cantsin?. NEOISM?! came only later. Monty Cantsin? was our tool for communication, and it was our subject as well. David played cello or tenor guitar and I played guitar and I sang. He sang as well. And some people from Smegma joined us. That was a post-syphon period in Portland, Oregon. Or we can say pre-NEOISM?! period. A training camp. We sent out information through the mail to our friends and asked them to send us their Monty Cantsin? starphoto, their Monty Cantsin? music, their Monty Cantsin? movie, Monty Cantsin? whatever. It was clear that we wanted to develop this open-pop-star project through correspondence and performance. And after a series of concerts in Portland and a worldwide campaign through the mail, the idea got picked up and spread like the plague. Like fire. Like a storm. That’s how I got introduced to America and that’s how I introduced myself to this new world. I am Monty Cantsin?. Yes, I am Monty Cantsin?. As I said before, at that time we didn’t use a question mark for the name. The question mark is something I added later to signify that nobody knows who is Monty Cantsin?, or in other words: anyone can be Monty Cantsin?. If everyone has a singular viewpoint, constantly changing, then everyone creates his or her version of NEOISM?! . Meanwhile David moved down to Texas with his family and I moved back to Montreal. It was only six months of forced training camp activity and extended propaganda courses at the Portland Academy. We could have been in a terrorist training camp in an Arab country, or let’s say in a secret headquarters in the USSR, or in a fucked-up loft in New York City. But actually it was better to be in Portland, at the Portland Academy/CASF, which was extended with the Smegma House, the NWAW, Steve Minor’s junkyard, the NEOISM?! used to be only a name but today it’s used by countless number of co-conspirators and they all define it in different ways, so nobody knows what it is. Only Monty Cantsin? knows. But I’m not playing a role. Monty Cantsin? is not a role. There are no two Monty Cantsin?s the same, we are all different. We live in different places, talk different languages, have different sexual preferences, we like different food, we use different drugs. I don’t use readymade drugs. I run 10 or 20 kilometres every day and do lots of push-ups, sometimes 1,000 sometimes only 100. But I’m out in the parks every day. That’s how I generate my drugs (endorphins) in my body fluids, by exercising. It’s my daily ritual to generate the necessary chemicals in my body, in my blood. But NEOISM?! is not a religion. There are certain rituals we like to perform, like the flaming iron ritual, coat hanger ritual, or the ritual of breaking things. It’s okay if somebody has the feeling that there is a connection to religion, but we are only playing a game. I’m often called a priest because I’m playing with the role of the priest but I’m also playing with other roles. I’m not playing any roles, I’m playing WITH the roles. That’s a big difference. Because I’m not interested in acting, I want reality to play my part. So I create a situation and the rest goes by itself. There is no script. Or if there is we usually don’t follow it. The most important part is the beginning; the rest goes on. Like you give a name to a baby and then the baby develops into something, someone, somebody, a Monty Cantsin?. There are radical ways to manipulate this development, of course, but even if you don’t do anything something will happen. The baby will grow up because that’s how life goes. We live and die, and meanwhile things happen, revolutions, love, cruelty, violence, war, dinners, break-fests, lots of shit and some happy moments. Sometimes we eat oysters, cakes and drink champagne. NEOISM?! is everything. It shows what is going on in the World. And it’s more than that. It shows what never happens. And it’s very important because somehow we have to communicate about things that are not real but could be real. Misery is not necessary. We could all live like Rockefellers if we were all playing this game. But since we don’t have any rules we can’t force anyone to do what we want. And we don’t even know what we want, but we want it right now. That’s typically a Monty Cantsin? thing. We want the impossible. We have more energy than we need in life and we repress the energies we are not able to change. We repress our energies too much. And there is a need BASIC TACTICS BASIC TACTICS 330 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 331 Of course different interpretations are possible. I like reflections, I like to meditate, but the fact of reality is what I prefer, nothing else. For me blood-taking is not a ritual, it’s a clinical necessity to get blood from a body for certain use. When you work with blood most people take it as a kind of religious act. Especially Catholics. They want their Christianity to answer all questions. They can only explain things through the bible. The Book of NEOISM?! is not a bible. NEOISM?! has no bible. Or let’s rather say: NEOISM?! can have millions of bibles written by Monty Cantsin?s. In that case this book, The Book of NEOISM?! , would be one of the millions of NEOIST?! bibles, written by millions of different authors. And if they would also use the plunder technics to create their books then everything that has ever been written soon would end up in The Bibles of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! takes responsibility for the accumulation of ideas to individual brains. I AM NEOISM?! . YOU ARE NEOISM?! . But most religions have lost their power. They are only interesting when you study them, when you go back to the father of church and to early Buddhism and Hinduism. But most religion has lost its real existential power. They got too detached from our everyday life, from the flow of blood. Of course you can say that NEOISM?! is a new religion. Why not. Everybody should be fed up by now with all the traditional, organized religions. NEOISM?! is the new religion, it’s very new and much more real. And still it has the reality of the abstract. Or I can say that its abstract is filled with reality. NEOISM?! is a cruel necessity. NEOISM?! is productive desire in a realm of pure volition, irrespective of the axiomatics of rationalized reality. NEOISM?! itself is the greatest threat to reality. NEOISM?! can offer a subversive possibility, a contestatory measure, a counter-tradition whereby difference is guaranteed and maintained. NEOISM?! is at the foundation of all possible hermeneutics, of all interpretation. I hope I die before I finish this book. What you read here is confusing but I have the feeling that I am right. I have the feeling that I’m going the good way. I mean the wrong way that is the good way for me. What is NEOISM?! if not the projection of difference? I repeat: I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! Many people ask me why I repeat this so often? Earth Tavern, the Long Good-Bye, the Library, the New Jerusalem Church, the streets, the cheap bars and restaurants, the abandoned buildings, the supermarkets, the police, the parks, the Harbourfront, the bridges etc. And Portland got extended down to San Francisco. Yanagi’s Golden Gate avenue apartment became my headquarters for a month. I met Yanagi in 1976 in Paris. A painter and photographer from Japan. A Monty Cantsin?. For me all the different forms seemed to be a little bit like auto-therapy, a dramatic process of psychoanalysis through making things. I was more interested in the concept. It was just perfect to have a name, only a name. I only had a small bag of my personal things and paper and pen. I felt a personal satisfaction that came out of the process of traveling, meeting people and using the name. That process was the most important for me. To sit in David’s van and drive from friends to friends, house to house. Steve Minor. Dr Ackerman. Musicmaster. Joel Dees. Smegma. Eva Lake. Alan Lloyd. John Shirley. Marian Wheatley. Tim Harvey. Dan Lissy. Ken Butler. Jerry Sims. And suddenly there were more Monty Cantsin?s. Like in a personal drama that develops into something more complex, into a plot of millions, a Chinese opera with no catharsis. Making noise at the Smegma House in the name of Monty Cantsin?. PostJanov primal scream. Search for a black girlfriend. A part in a Bill Thomas play. All these little things. Especially the fleas that moved from David’s dog to my bed. Of course I have to give credit to Molly, Marianne, Lorrey, Synthia and Suzanne. They were all part of the early Monty Cantsin? movement. I was overwhelmed by everyday life. And came Jerry Sims, the windhover of Texas. He moved into the basement, but he wanted my room on the ground floor. It was an aesthetic fight that ended up with a deal. He hated our music and our language. Therefore he was the perfect candidate to become our manager. Jerry became our manager. NEOISM?! is often hated by people. Hate is a very deep emotion. And NEOISM?! is very superficial. And that’s where the missing catharsis is. The Basis of NEOISM?!is personal communication. Talking. Singing. Fucking. Screaming. I was always interested in superficiality. That’s why I loved video immediately. To videotape my skin was the greatest joy and discovery. Masturbating into the camera. In this respect the history of communication was also very important. When I speak about the history of communication it’s also the history of sex and technology. When I use video I understand all these connections. And there is blood. Reality fluid that is right here on the surface. You only have to scratch your skin a little bit and you see blood. When I take blood from my arm it’s nothing but blood taking. It’s not a symbolic act. It’s the same thing doctors and nurses do everyday in hospitals. I do it in the name of Monty Cantsin? and NEOISM?! . BASIC TACTICS BASIC TACTICS 332 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 333 NEOISM?! , I tell them it has no meaning. You can make it up yourself the way you like as you go along. I’m raising three kids, which is very important living in The World of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is celebrating the throw-away, the discarded, the junk, the garbage. When I go to pick up junk in the streets I take my kids with me. They love garbage picking; it’s one of their favorite games. That’s how they learn anti-aesthetics as a practical inclination. That crude is better than slick. That hammering nails produces music. That breaking things creates great new things and sounds. They also get into economy by learning that junk in the street is a lot cheaper than in toy stores. They also learn about the constant decay of technology, so they don’t have so much respect for it. They won’t be fooled too easy when they grow up. They will have their own theoretical views developed from picking garbage in the streets during their childhood. Of course NEOISM?! is not a new idea, it’s been around certainly since the Middle Ages. And everything has been multi-dimensional anyway, so there is no big deal. The big deal is to reaffirm NEOISM?! today. That’s what I finally concluded was The Apex of NEOISM?! : the complete denial. Including The Denial of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is precisely the subtle, veiled violence of reason. NEOISM?! must be subperversive or it will no longer be NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is that from which radiates the most sublime beautitude. NEOISM?! must be recognized in its most immediate, harrowing, tormenting reality. There is always the feeling in the air that something must change. This feeling is there everywhere you go you just have to be sensitive enough to feel it. And you know that it is not possible to produce things in the way that had been done before. So this is The Source of NEOISM?! and the source of The Denial of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is not merely a surface entity, but is itself the surface of projection. NEOISM?! ascertains the relations between body and communication. NEOISM?! is ultimately bodyism. NEOISM?! is not a national culture, it can’t be. It does not belong to any nations. It belongs to nomadity. It belongs to international conspiracy. NEOISM?! is more than intercontinental, it is overcontinental and interindividual. And it is also in cyberspace. There are limitless ways to go and in NEOISM?! nobody goes in one direction only. NEOISM?! functions at the level of definition. Most of the time I don’t have any idea what I’m talking about. But I believe in textuality and word processing. With the use of computer technology, NEOISM?! can be spread all over the World within a few seconds. Because that’s my work, my mission. I’m glad that I can say it in a very concentrated way. In four words. Or in three words. I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I have to say it. I say it for a long time, and repeat it over and over again. This book could be nothing other than these two short phrases repeated millions of times. It’s one melody, that’s all. Or maybe just noise. Machine beat poetry. NEOISM?! is real. You can see NEOISM?! with your eyes, hear NEOISM?! with your ears, smell NEOISM?! with your nose, taste NEOISM?! with your tongue, touch NEOISM?! with your hand. In NEOISM?! there is absolutely no stage and no scenography. It is not necessary. The stars are the background. In NEOISM?! everyone is a hero and the story of the play is the story of individuals. NEOISM?! has nothing to do with the authority of Japan. NEOISM?! exists outside the authority of Japan. I think of NEOISM?! as networking. By networking people all around the World can cooperate with one another. For example I have this porn picture that I send to individuals around the World. I ask them to masturbate while looking at it. This is the form my networking takes. There are thousands of people masturbating to my photo all around the World. I am The Master of NEOISM?! . I think NEOISM?! is the best method to have fun and lots of orgasms. The Main Purpose of NEOISM?! is to amaze people. The Purpose of NEOISM?! is to show the World The Beauty of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a pseudo-catharsis. It’s a trans-sacrificial counter-process. NEOISM?! has no concrete ties to any ideas except destruction. NEOISM?! keeps its voice right to the end. It’s fascinating how persistent its need to say something in response to destruction is. Part of my relationship with NEOISM?! is to keep it speaking. NEOISM?! is a purification, a polishing of the soul. NEOISM?! is just crap. It was my ambition when I was a teenager to be the greatest subversive revolutionary who ever lived. I also wanted to become a martyr, I wanted to die for my redeeming mission; I wanted to get killed for it. This was a very conscious ambition and it stayed with me in my mind. Perhaps NEOISM?! is a result of this ambition. When people ask me about The Meanings of BASIC TACTICS BASIC TACTICS 334 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 335 anything that comes to your mind without paying attention to the meaning of words. It’s an old method but it always works. Because I have to confess, the truth is that I’m not just plundering everything from other books but I’m also using my own empty brain to fill this book with NEOISM?! . Emptiness is The Most Powerful Source of NEOISM?! . The origins of the perverse and the transcendent are one and the same, in that catastrophic, anxiety-producing narcissistic wound from which NEOISM?! itself arises. In a quest for NEOISM?! , the bearer of this psychic wound discovers its unique sign in another wound, a corporeal mutilation, which is to mark the psychic mechanism and the libidinal economy with its own horror, strangeness, excitation. NEOISM?! is only a name without a program, philosophy or idealogy. Anyone can use it as they see fit. The content therefore may vary greatly depending on the circumstances in a given society and the beliefs of the conspirators. Information about NEOISM?! can be given by conspirators at regular intervals, during Apartment Festivals for example. Apartment Festivals are organized by conspirators who fight for total freedom in various ways. They like to dance to The Beat of NEOISM?! holding flaming steamirons and singing the international anthem of Akademgorod. They never want to work, just have fun, lick cunt and suck cock. They also want to carry out various public actions. Conspirators travel from region to region to read manifestos at street corners and in front of public monuments. They use all the means they can to spread The Word of NEOISM?! . Sometime they splash their blood on museum walls and get arrested for it. Sometime they just sit still and gaze into nothing. Certain general aspects of The Phenomenology of NEOISM?! are not covered by the above considerations or by the hypothetical examples. The Phenomenology of NEOISM?! can be subdivided into a number of (non)logical components, in all of which quantitative and qualitative variables, both physiological and psychological, are conceivable. Yet, the mere fact that The Phenomenology of NEOISM?! can be subdivided into (non)logical components does not mean that each one of these components actually functions independently of the others. They may, rather, be mere facets of a single process. The significance of this will become clearer as we proceed. Now I feel like singing a song. I always wanted to be a singer. I am a singer. Jack Smith told me that I should be an operetta singer. So I should throw together this book as fast as possible and then be just a singer. I can sing this book; it can be the libretto for my operetta. NEOISM?! is just a song. NEOISM?! is many songs. NEOISM?! is sitting in a chair for hours on end, humming and doing nothing. Every computer screen is an eye of NEOISM?! . Or maybe a mouth of NEOISM?! or an asshole of NEOISM?! . I can integrate anything in NEOISM?! . It’s up to me to interpret, to define NEOISM?! . Whatever I want NEOISM?! to be is NEOISM?! . If I want NEOISM?! to be the verbal masturbation of a boring old decadent demagogue then I simply have to say it: NEOISM?! is the verbal masturbation of a boring old decadent demagogue. In Akademgorod during the evening meal, as the others eat, one conspirator is entrusted with reading out loud The Book of NEOISM?! . And then I suddenly turn around and say: NEOISM?! is an exciting new constructive popular game. And that is totally true too. NEOISM?! is whatever I want NEOISM?! to be. I repeat this phrase a thousand times or more every day. If I want NEOISM?! to be dead I can kill NEOISM?! . But how can I kill NEOISM?! . With words. By simply saying that NEOISM?! is dead. NEOISM?! is the provocation at the origins of orthodoxy. To add, subtract, or change a sign in a technological system is to create noise. It’s all up to me. NEOISM?! is whatever I want NEOISM?! to be. It’s all my decision, my theory, my mistake, my life, my shit, my gold, my blood, my death. NEOISM?! demands that each person discover that unique idea, that singular object of fascination, which suits one’s individual desires. Nobody will have time to read everything that has been written about NEOISM?! . Nobody will read this book from the beginning to the end. Only a few idiots will try it but after the first two chapters they will give it up. The Very Possibilities of NEOISM?! are authenticated by the fascination, intoxication and affirmation that such an idea evokes, yet all the while The Very Meaning of NEOISM?! remains intransigently incommunicable, personal and ultimately perverse. The Book of NEOISM?! is completely useless as a book. It would be more interesting to use it as construction material, like a brick, for example, and make a house from ten thousand copies of The Book of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a simple, easy to learn science, and like all sciences it is founded on lies. Through NEOISM?! the subtle machinery of the subconscious instincts can be controlled. We are not subject to the lies of science, neither to NEOISM?! . When I say NEOISM?! is dead then NEOISM?! is dead. When I say NEOISM?! is alive, NEOISM?! is alive. I was supposed to finish this book a long time ago and all I’m thinking about right now is how to increase the number of pages without too much work. The easiest way to do it is to use the automatist technique, and write down BASIC TACTICS BASIC TACTICS 336 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 337 NEOISM?! is an investment in libido. My goal is to finish this book as fast as possible and then forget about this whole bullshit of NEOISM?! . IT WAS IT WAS IT WAS IT WAS VERY NICE IT WAS VERY NICE IT WAS VERY VERY VERY NICE IT WAS VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY NICE IT WAS VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY NICE NICE NICE NICE NICE NICE NICE NICE NICE IT WAS VERY NICE VERY NICE VERY NICE VERY NICE IT WAS VERY NICE TO SEE YOU SEE YOU SEE YOU SEE YOU SEE YOU SEE YOU SEE YOU SEE YOU AND TALK AND TALK AND TALK AND TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK ABOUT TALK ABOUT TALK ABOUT TALK ABOUT REVOLUTION REVOLUTION REVOLUTION REVOLUTION IT WAS VERY NICE TO SEE YOU AND TALK ABOUT REVOLUTION Besides my confused brain I used some of the confused ideas of the following people as well: Ákos Szilágyi, Harold Lasswell, Hermann Nitsch, Shozo Shimamoto, Raphael Montañez Ortiz, Allen S Weiss, Timothy Leary, Allan Kaprow, Francesco Conz, Goldie Lipson, William A Gamson, Lawrence S Kubie. Earlier this morning, Tuesday 11 December 2001, I was in the park for an hour. I did 100 pushups (70 + 30), 100 in-outs, 50 hinges, 50 half-hinges, 20 chin-ups, handwalks, headstands, bridges, bendings, up-downs, yoga breathing, stretching, meditation. I’ve done this everyday for the past 30 years at least. I have many note-books filled with exercise data, dates, hours, places, temperature, list of different exercises, number of push-ups, sit-ups etc. I started doing yoga when I was about 13. If I skip a day I feel weak, lost, useless, stupid, depressed, catatonic, empty, dead. Exercising and meditation are my immortality pills. I generate NEOISM?! through yoga and mediation. NEOISM?! is exercising the body and the mind at once at 6 o’clock. In the timeless zone of vertical reality it’s always 6 o’clock. The 6 o’clock Extravaganza of NEOISM?! is a messy durational yoga performance without end. It just goes on and on forever. If I could I would just exercise and eat rice, fruits and vegetables. And also oysters. I’ll never give up eating oysters. My favorite meal is oysters with bread and butter and a bottle of champagne. The best breakfast while taking a bath with your lover. There has been a time when I was completely vegetarian, I mean vegan. For a while I ate only nuts and fruits. But then I started eating fish again. Fish and NEOISM?! go together. NEOISM?! is created by blood, sweat, shit, exaltation, torture and sacrifice. Of course I also like to stay up late, go out, go to clubs, get drunk. This creates a continuous conflict in my life because nightlife and exercising do not work together. But NEOISM?! is about conflicts anyway. Conflicts and crises are essential to NEOISM?! . So somehow I manage to be part of the night as an immortal vampire and still able to seize the day as a living machine. Get up modern hero and change the World order! I never go to gyms. I don’t need to be motivated by sweating people pumping iron under trainers’ instructions. I like to be alone in the middle of an empty field. That’s The Landscape of NEOISM?! . Added maybe with some colorful dogshit. There are plenty of ‘exercising machines’ at the children’s playground. When I take my kids to the park I don’t just sit down and watch them playing. I either play with them or I do my exercises while they are running around and playing with their friends. Blood and cruelty are The Very Base of NEOISM?! . The Mission of NEOISM?! is to produce subversive elements. NEOISM?! is essentially illogical. NEOISM?! is governed by a tumultuous sea of convulsions made up of irrational demands. The Very Essence of NEOISM?! is the individual incapacity to get along with other people. I’m just sitting here and writing about NEOISM?! meanwhile the stage is changing around me, but it’s always 6 o’clock. BASIC TACTICS BASIC TACTICS 338 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 339 To the reader of this somewhat unusual document, a few words of explanation, and caution. This is not a book in the usual sense, nor the well-rounded transcript of the “What is NEOISM?! ” symposium. These pages should rather be received as the account of conversations within a group of conspirators, whose interchange extends beyond the confines of a seven-day Apartment Festival. The account attempts to capture some of this group interchange in all its evanescence because it represents to us one of the few concerted efforts at interdisciplinary communication. The members of this group share the belief that one can, and must, attempt communication across the boundaries that separate The Various Scientific Aspects of NEOISM?! . The participating conspirators have come from many fields: they are physicists, methematicians, electrical engineers, physiologists, neurologists, cultural terrorists, experimental psychologists, psychiatrists, shitheads, sociologists, cyber-anarchists, subversion-anthropologists. That this gathering produced a Babylonian confusion is probably the most remarkable result of this meeting, and of those that preceded it. This ability to remain in touch with each other, to sustain the dialogue across departmental boundaries and, in particular, across the gulf between sciences and bullshit is due to The Unifying Effect of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?!  can be considered as disorder wrenched from order. With the concept of entropy, classical thermodynamics expressed the universal trend toward more probable states: any physiochemical change tending to produce a more random distribution of particles. NEOISM?!  can thus be formulated as negative entropy, and a precise measure of certain classes of information can be found by referring to degrees of improbability in NEOISM?! . The improbable distribution of slots in a slotted card, or the improbable arrangement of nucleic acids in the highly specific pattern of a gene—both can be considered as TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE FUCKING ROBOT FUCKING ROBOT The new biology of machines alienated concepts of identity / obfuscatory mechanism 340 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 341 and is supposed to be a contribution to new technology. That’s only one possible approach of the many. NEOISM?!  seeks a distillation of signs by eliminating those elements of its origin that obscure NEOISM?! . Contradiction illuminates The Hidden Structure of Signs of NEOISM?! . Our agenda is blatantly hyper-feminist. NEOISM?!  takes the via negativa to Vulva (Akademgorod) where we can only survive as hardcore lesbians and bulldykes. First of all we are criminals. We take all the myths about revolutionaries, terrorists, dictators, mass murderers, lunatics and say, “yes, be afraid of NEOISM?! ”. We will mess with anything to say what we want. There are tons of materials to mess with. Thousands of years of accumulations. NEOISM?!  depends on creative kleptomania, drawing from every discipline, constructing hybridspectacles, fuckup-operas, messmedia performances. That’s what we do for fun: we mess with a whole century and more. We mess up everything that previously has been said or written or done. Nothing stays untouched around us. We vandalize history and culture, and precisely everything that is dear to us. Why are we concerned with NEOISM?! ? Why is it any more threatening to be desired by a criminal or a normal person? To cross our frontiers, exceed our limitations, fill our emptiness—fulfill ourselves. It is a process in which what is hiding us suddenly becomes transparent. All of us need to feel more powerful about our place in the World. NEOISM?!  is collision with the roots. NEOISM?!  is the dialectics of mockery and apotheosis. NEOISM?!  is a religion expressed through blasphemy. NEOISM?!  is love speaking out of hate. We propose poverty and misery in NEOISM?! . definitions of NEOISM?! —the one decoded in the course of technical (cultural) process, the other in the course of embryogeny. In both instances, that of the slotted card and that of the gene, we are faced, not only with carriers of information, but with powerful mechanisms of control: the slotted card can control a long series of process in a plant, without itself furnishing any of the requisite energy; the gene, as an organic template, somewhat similarly to NEOISM?! , provides for its own reproduction and governs the building of a multicellular organism from a single cell. In the latter case, mere rearrangement of submicroscopic particles can apparently lead to mutations, improving or corrupting the organism’s plans as the case may be. Such rearrangement may indeed be similar to the difference brought about by the transposing of digits in numbers, 146 to 614, or by transposing letters in words such as art and rat. NEOISM?! , c’est moi! ANTI-NEOISM?! , c’est moi aussi! Who is M!SI?OEN? A disenchanted youth, impertinent and antisocial, Monty Cantsin? does what he can to survive in the unsavory world of gambling and petty crime. Living in misery and looking for NEOISM?! , he accepts a contract to threaten a debt-ower with a savage beating. After spending a night gambling with his advance money, he finds himself the happy winner of a monstrous sum of cash, and decides to subcontract the violent job. He finds the perfect foil in a young woman, recently released from prison on a murder charge, and with an even bleaker outlook on life than his own. It is decided that she will undertake the risks and complete the mission for NEOISM?! . But soon enough the violently simple task becomes complicated by the involvement of an absurd cast of characters born in the dark NEOIST?!  underground, and even more so as the two caustic street urchins find themselves falling in love. Soon the completion of their assignment is in serious jeopardy and must be seen through at all costs, as their lives depend on NEOISM?! . I am a bit impatient when asked, “What is The Origin of NEOISM?! ?” The assumption seems to be that NEOISM?!  is tangential and tributary FUCKING ROBOT FUCKING ROBOT 342 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 343 NEOISM?!  is hunger. NEOISM?!  is bread. NEOISM?!  is an originally Indian religion, first founded in the fifth century BC by Siddhartha Gautama, also known as the enlightened one, the Buddha. About twothousandfivehundred years later, exactly at 6 o’clock, it was refounded by Monty Cantsin?, also known as the irritating one, the Bloodha. In the beginning Monty Cantsin?’s teachings were restricted to convulsive body-machine exercises and flaming iron ceremonies. However, by consistently maintaining a belief in the ineffability of the absolute and in the ultimate quest for total freedom (Akademgorod, The Promised Land of NEOISM?! ), which only convulsive trance could realize, and in the subversive essence of all empirical phenomena (scrapmetal noise, group-sex, blood-X action, coat hanger transmission etc) a typically Bloodhist form of thought developed at the time when full systems of interactive technology were being created. NEOISM?!  is true. NEOISM?! is false. The fucking robot, the title of this chapter, is me in every sense of the two compiled words. I’m a fucking robot because I do everything in The Name of NEOISM?! . I’m a fucking robot because I’m just a mechanical slave of NEOISM?! . I’m a fucking robot because all I have is a body programmed to The Pseudo-Philosophical Existance of NEOISM?! . I’m a fucking robot because I fuck with NEOISM?!  without emotions. I’m a fucking robot because I’m doing everything that NEOISM?!  wants me to do. I’m a fucking robot because I believe that there is nothing else to do than fuck NEOISM?! . I’m a fucking robot because everything I do is completely useless like NEOISM?! . I’m a fucking robot because that’s what you become if you join NEOISM?! . The acceptance of poverty in NEOISM?! , stripped of all that is not essential to it, reveals to us not only The Skin of NEOISM?! , but also its rich superficiality that lies in The Very Surface of NEOISM?! . Misery is the best base for criminal action. Misery is the hotbed of criminals. The desire of criminals threatens the whole World. And NEOISM?!  feeds from this threatening desire. From that starving-children desire that business men are so afraid of. From that mob desire that authoritarian governments are so afraid of. From that lesbian desire that straight women are so afraid of. Our method of making is to try on ideas that might be frightening. It’s amazing how much braver you can become through the process of being involved with NEOISM?! . NEOISM?!  is a statement for which no proof is required, and which, thus, occurs as the premise of many arguments but as the conclusion of none. Life doesn’t present you with many opportunities to be that lucid and precise. How often do you get the perfect moment with a lover? It just doesn’t work out that way. So we have all sorts of liberties we can take to make perfect moments. Perfect moments of rage and beauty. Total interventions. Like a hold-up in a bank. Like a terrorist attack. Like vandalizing an object of value. Like making a blood-X in a museum. Only extreme situations can trigger the ultimate reaction of power and authority. Only crises are frightening enough to exactly define theory and practice, to present the cause and to be precise about the subject. In the case of the Blood-X-Method, which I have been using for two decades, the X marks the center of crisis around which circulates people’s opinion, the reality of laws, politics, spirituality, sexuality, religion etc. They interweave to create a chaotic, convulsive and somewhat coherent pattern. A whole system gets subverted, challenged and has to respond immediately and precisely. NEOISM?!  is alive. NEOISM?!  is dead. FUCKING ROBOT FUCKING ROBOT 344 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 345 I’m a fucking robot of NEOISM?!  because I’m a stupid idiot. Hallelujah! Writing about NEOISM?!  shouldn’t take thinking at all, thinking should be completely eliminated from NEOISM?! . I want to write like a machine. But unfortunately even when I plunder ideas from other writers I have to think, select, make decisions, change certain words, replace part of the phrase with other ideas etc. Even automatic writing means concentration, focusing, to help the flow of ideas coming out effortlessly and without the control of logics. Of course there are computer programs that can be used to compose sentences but still you have to feed the words into the machine and that takes certain considerations that cannot be done without thinking. But if I always have to think how can I be a pure fucking robot or a stupid idiot? I’m reading between images of Monty Cantsin?’s acts and his words. But the words disappear, displaced by the images. My reading must proceed backwards through a series of screens—from the pure visuality in which madness presents itself, to the split of language that creates the unconscious in the image, back to a madness residing in NEOISM?!  itself. This case for origins in NEOISM?!  calls for an alternative interpretation of the madness of Monty Cantsin?. Monty Cantsin?’s madness is revealed not in what he sees, but in what he says. So, I offer a case history of Monty Cantsin? read through The Book of NEOISM?! , which reveals The Language Origins of NEOISM?! . Every time I want to add something to The Book of NEOISM?!  I go through this monumental struggle in which my ego wants to write the book but I don’t have any ideas. So I plunder ideas from whatever books are laying around on my tables, on the floor. As soon as I do that I suddenly start to get huge brainwaves that are almost the size of destruction. At that moment it really begins to happen and it becomes an effortless action, just like pissing, for example. Actually I often feel when I’m pissing that I’m expressing The Philosophy of NEOISM?! , and as I’m watching the gold line of my urine everything becomes totally clear. I’m a fucking robot because sexual intercourse is the most important interactive communication form and thus The Ultimate Act of NEOISM?! . I’m a fucking robot because that’s how technological society defines people who are closely associated with NEOISM?! . I’m a fucking robot because I’m a fucking robot of NEOISM?! . I’m a fucking robot of NEOISM?!  because I’m fucking like a robot. I’m a fucking robot because that’s the technological term for a human being in The Age of NEOISM?! . I’m a fucking robot because there is nothing else in life other than fucking and working and NEOISM?! . I’m a fucking robot because The Pseudo-Philosophy of NEOISM?!  transformed me into being a fucking robot. I’m a fucking robot of NEOISM?!  because I am like NEOISM?! . I’m a fucking robot because I have no idea what is NEOISM?! . I’m a fucking robot because I just repeat the word NEOISM?!  again and again. I’m a fucking robot because NEOISM?!  is a fucking robot. I’m NEOISM?!  because I am a fucking robot. NEOISM?!  is a matter of standing back a little from the ephemeral urgencies to take a subversive overview that usually embraces both value-commitments and beliefs about the general nature of convulsion. NEOISM?!  refers to a kind of activity with which the questioner is most likely to be completely unfamiliar. So the best response to the uninitiate’s question, “What is NEOISM?! ?”, is not to labor to formulate a neat dictionary definition but instead to offer a few typical philosophical problems as specimens and illustrations, adding whatever remarks may then be necessary to enable enquirers to identify further examples for themselves. A fucking robot is similar to a stupid idiot. So in the above sentences fucking robot can be replaced with stupid idiot, or stupid idiot can be added to the sentence. And the title of this chapter can be Stupid Idiot as well, or it can be both the Fucking Robot and the Stupid Idiot. And so I’m a stupid idiot because I’m a fucking robot of NEOISM?! . FUCKING ROBOT FUCKING ROBOT 346 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 347 NEOISM?!  is inarticulate, imperfect, foolish, meaningless, incoherent. NEOISM?!  is prattle. NEOISM?!  is a murmuring sound. NEOISM?!  is a confusion of sounds. NEOISM?!  is a confused mixture of extraneous sounds in a circuit, resulting from cross talk from other channels. NEOISM?!  is one of the first articulate sounds made by infants. NEOISM?!  serves as a lingua franca for describing everything from human interaction to the state of the World in The Name of NEOISM?! . Anthropologists, linguists and historians of the future will study The Book of NEOISM?!  to determine what it’s all about and how its language infiltrated the mainstream lexicons. NEOIST?!s  are everywhere, and although the World’s languages have borrowed heavily from The Book of NEOISM?!  , speakers of many other languages have also crafted their own terms to describe The Phenomena of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?!  exhibits an (un)identifiable style and structure. NEOISM?!  has connotations outside of the realm of NEOIST?!  Conspiracy. NEOISM?!  exhibits noticeable influences from terrorism, state language, political propaganda, technobabble, religious sermonizing, marketing etc. NEOISM?!  is both the jargon, argot, slang of the NEOIST?!  Network as used within that international circuit of conspirators, and, more significantly, that special language freed of its original confines and applied in new and different contexts. It took NEOISM?!  almost three decades to come into full effect. NEOISM?!  was initially a kind of secret language developed by a special technological priesthood. The Cabalistic Nature of NEOISM?!  was partly a result of the military foundations of technological development. I repeat NEOISM?!  was a secret language known only for a select group of conspirators. It’s the same when I let my blood flow from my vein to a tube. NEOISM?!  is a great eclectic guerilla thing. NEOISM?!  is a bomb in a suitcase that blows up upon opening. NEOISM?!  is meaningless chatter about anything. My interest in NEOISM?!  began in the mid-1970s, way before I coined the term. I was introduced to mail art/correspondence art by László Beke through an exhibition he organized at the Young Artists Club in Budapest, sometime in the spring of 1976. The subject of this exhibition was David Zack, writer/musician/correspondence artist. Zack was present at the opening and I was fascinated by both the chaotic, eclectic, ambiguous, confusing, crazy, surprising, subversive character of his mail-art work and his personality. Zack proposed to me to use the name Monty Cantsin?. It only took a short exchange of ideas for me to quickly realize that I was Monty Cantsin?. Almost immediately I left Hungary, and after a few years of hanging out in different training camps in Paris, Plan de la Tour, Montreal, Portland and San Francisco, I inititated NEOISM?!  in 1979 in Montreal. For the purposes of this book, NEOISM?!  refers strictly to The Language of NEOISM?! . Even if I sometimes integrate some short historical segments into this book, to abruptly change the rhythmic flow or tedious monotony of definitions, this is not a historical essay of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?!  takes terms from all possible sources, science, literature, history, computer industry, dictionaries, pulp fiction, political propaganda, and puts them into extraconfusing and often anthropomorphic contexts. NEOISM?!  is mostly self-indulgent palaver. NEOISM?!  personifies technologies and objects and objectifies people. NEOISM?!  serves as noise, signifying little or nothing, or as an obfuscatory mechanism. FUCKING ROBOT FUCKING ROBOT 348 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 349 ORGASM ORGASM ORGASM ORGASM DESTROY THE WORLD WITH AN ORGASM This is a beautiful office, timed perfectly, lush and alien. The hour is 6 o’clock and the office is deep and carried like a dreaming child into the darkness of these pages. Though the office is closed I don’t have to go home because this is my home and has been for years, and besides, I have to be here all the time. That’s part of my position. I don’t want to sound like a petty official, but I’m afraid to think what would happen if somebody came and I wasn’t here. My office is The Temple of NEOISM?! . It’s always 6 o’clock in this office and I have been sitting at this desk for hours, staring into the darkened shelves of junk, useless objects and all kinds of things I accumulated for many years. I love their presence, the way they honor the space they were given. I like to accumulate objects of a single type, like steamirons, coat hangers, clocks, file cabinets, megaphonys, metal plates, vine glasses, meat grinders etc. My office is a magic circle where everything can happen, love, death, pursuit, espionage, music, noise, NEOISM?! . NEOISM?!  is my job. Look out, in a moment something wonderful is going to happen that will fill you with amazement. My windows are blocked with grey canvases but I know it’s gonna rain! It’s gonna rain! It’s gonna rain! Clouds have been playing with the blue style of the sky all day long, moving their heavy black wardrobes in, but so far nothing’s happened, no rain. The office is always closed, but if somebody has a good reason to come in, there is a door to knock on that calls me from whatever I am NEOISM?!  is backwardly architected hyper-intelligent analysis inference movement for digitally driven compatibility-based internal availability phase-logic breakthrough-capable conspiracy black market based on upwardly seamless multi-object network compatible counter-strategy for anti-solution propaganda. NEOISM?!  effectively has no meaning because of its indiscriminate use. If you don’t understand The Meaning of NEOISM?!  just ignore it. NEOISM?!  makes perfect sense without understanding. I JUST WANT TO FUCK I JUST WANT TO FUCK I JUST WANT TO FUCK I JUST WANT TO FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK MY BRAINS OUT FUCK MY BRAINS OUT FUCK MY BRAINS OUT FUCK MY BRAINS OUT AND DESTROY AND DESTROY AND DESTROY AND DESTROY DESTROY DESTROY DESTROY DESTROY DESTROY THE WORLD DESTROY THE WORLD DESTROY THE WORLD DESTROY THE WORLD WITH AN ORGASM WITH AN ORGASM WITH AN ORGASM WITH AN ORGASM FUCKING ROBOT FUCKING ROBOT 350 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 351 no end and no beginning. Everything happens at the same time, simultaneously, at 6 o’clock, and everything accumulates. I can only do things in relation to this idea, this is the central element of my way of interpretation of life and NEOISM?! . Past = Present = Future I hate to sit and write. My goal is to finish this book as fast as possible. Basically it’s not even important what I write, I just have to fill these pages with words. I’m writing this book because I’m obsessed with NEOISM?!  and I want to make it impossible to define. The reader should get sick of this book and fed up with NEOISM?!  for ever. I feel kind of sick and I might have to vomit. I would love to vomit words, sentences, long phrases, confusing definitions. I want to get rid of all that shit accumulated inside me, in my veins, under my skin, in my braincells, in my balls, in my nervous system, in my muscles, in my bones, in my digestive organs. I have to clean my body of this bullshit called NEOISM?! . Everything that is written in this book is wrong. Completely wrong! There is no such thing as NEOISM?! . Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. doing in this place: sleeping, writing The Book of NEOISM?! , editing videos, making drawings, thinking, sending e-mails and faxes, having sex, planning the next action etc. Most of the time I’m alone, nobody comes. But I have to be here anyway. The office is always closed but I am here 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. New years were always very important for me in the past. Perhaps New Year’s Eve was the only social celebration in which I could also participate without betraying my own anti-social philosophy. The moment of sudden transition and change into something new corresponds with The Ideas of NEOISM?! . However, during the past few years this importance faded away and today, on the first day of 1999, a year that seemed to have such a great importance before, I must declare that I’m not really interested in celebrating the New Year anymore. My theory of Vertical Reality, vertical expansion and accumulation that replaces linear time counting and history—it’s always 6 o’clock—took over my mind completely. All that I’m dealing with, all that I’m thinking about is related to this poetical theory that also has some scientific background. NEOISM?!  is just a name and you can write anything in The Name of NEOISM?! . Actually all you have to do is repeat the word NEOISM?!  again and again integrating it into different wordscapes. Whatever you write the final result will be always a masterpiece. Last night I didn’t go to any parties and I didn’t document the moment of change from 1998 to 1999. I had great sex, champagne and oysters with Monty Cantsin?; we listened to music, we were happy, but there was no pressure on me to add something to the passing moment that will never return. No. It seems like I reached eternity, “cosmic urban eternity” as I called it in 1980, an endless field that is expanding only vertically but has FUCKING ROBOT FUCKING ROBOT 352 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 353 While I was writing this chapter I was also reading many texts in different books simultaneously and some ideas from these books got transmitted to this chapter through my Transmission Device. So I can make a note that the texts I was reading were apparently written by Jerzy Grotowski, Shawna Dempsey and Lorri Millan, Heinz von Foerster, Margaret Mead, Hans-Lukas Teuber, Philip Monk, William Gibson, John A Barry, Richard Brautigan, Umberto Eco. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. FUCKING ROBOT FUCKING ROBOT 354 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 355 Monty Cantsin? combines the might of the great beast Godzilla, goddess of peace Mothra and the flying monster Rodan. In the early morning, at around 6 o’clock, Virginia and I decided that it would be great fun to tie up Virginia’s ankles with a rope and lower her out of the third-floor window upside down. I tied the rope to a radiator and lowered the nude Virginia head first out the window. This way her body was hanging right in front of the second-floor window like a pendulum. After securing the rope to the radiator I went down to the second-floor window and according to our plan we engaged in sexual performance. The tension of our separateness, which we usually felt, was ameliorated when we joined together. At the moment of our ultimate union our incompleteness was destroyed. We were ecstatic, momentarily freed from the tension and the shame of our imperfection. We were made whole. I kneeled on the window ledge and pulled the hanging Virginia towards me so she could start sucking my cock and I could lick her cunt. Meanwhile both of us were holding separate cardboard signs in our hands, the word NEOISM?! written on them with black marker. We lived in a house of total happiness and great ideas, experimenting with sex, danger and NEOISM?! . Knowing that she can’t hang there for too long we had our foreplay before the hanging and both of us were ready for an orgasm. The act of hanging her down the window made me feel totally excited, and she was also joyfully moaning all the way. We have done similar actions many times before and this dangerous practice fulfilled both our sexual desires and creativity completely. We documented everything on video using several cameras from different angles to make sure that later we’d be able to see every details of our performance. This time I used three cameras, one looking down from the third-floor window, one installed on the second floor and one hanging on a bungee cord. The one hanging on the cord was easy to reach and we used it for extreme close ups or to show the surrounding nature. Both of us were video addicted for more than a decade. We learned video through practicing it and we did everything in The Name of NEOISM?! . We lived in a small town and our house was very much detached from the main area. The trees and bushes in our beautiful garden created a green opaque screen that didn’t let anyone see us from the street. It took us only a few minutes to come and I knew from the very beginning that I was going to have a huge orgasm and Virginia’s body was also trembling with joy. We grabbed each other hard, and that moment, at the moment of the orgasm Virginia’s pendulum body somehow got loose, the TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE PAPER TIGERS PAPER TIGERS MORE SUBVERTAINMENT! ergonomic stress wasting blood in front of the computer 356 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 357 However, after some more verbal efforts and a hug in The Name of NEOISM?! , she finally agreed to go home with Jubal and so they left towards NEOISM?! . We went to buy some wine and champagne. The store was filled with people up to the ceiling, it was the last day of 1998, and everybody wanted to get drunk and pass out into The Disaster Zone of NEOISM?! of 1999. We spent the night in my office, ate oysters, finished a bottle of champagne, listened to The Music of NEOISM?! , had great sex and went to sleep early. I wish I could write this book without any effort, without searching for new ideas in other books, without wasting my time in front of the computer. It’s way too much work for nothing. And I’m tired of doing it. I’m sick of it. I want to be the writer of this book without actually writing it. I want someone else write it for me. Monty Cantsin? should write it. What’s going to happen to this book anyway? Who is going to read it? I don’t really care. I have to finish it. It’s an obsession. It’s my duty. It’s my punity. NEOISM?! is a para-idealogical total crisis center that can become a counter-institution when its basic assumption is challenged. Dissatisfied with existing social order and aware of the forces of executive control, NEOISM?! is an ongoing quest for emergency alternatives of daily existance and survival. The Crisis Center of NEOISM?! is open from 6 o’clock to 6 o’clock; in other words it’s never closed. NEOISM?! can be classified according to its dead-subversive sub-position on our tele-imaginary data-continuum. I took the kids back to Krista at 5pm; on the way we gave a lift to Jo-Anna who was going to see a movie with Charles, another friend. After our arrival to the house Krista kept questioning me about why I don’t also have the kids during the week for a couple of days, my answer was that I do have them and I mentioned that last week they were at my place during the week and I do take them as often as possible not only for her convenience but because I want to be with them as much as possible. It’s always Krista who decides when she wants to keep them and when she wants me to take them. Often I get refused when I call because she has other plans but when she calls I have to accept immediately whatever she wants otherwise she yells to me and calls me The Fucking Asshole of NEOISM?! . The Structure of NEOISM?! is more chaotic and fucked up than any social model of revolutionary subversion. NEOISM?! is in a constant state of flux and reflux, continuously threatening the established, stagnating, calcified social (dis)order as well as its own super-convulsive failure-theory. Today’s conversation ended with her calling me a fucking pig right in front of Jericho and Nineveh (Babylon happened to be in the street), and that’s not anything unusual. It happens quite often, that’s why, in my opinion, Babylon has a very bad temper and often yells at his friends and teachers the way rope inexplicably slipped off the radiator and with her sudden weight she pulled me down from the window’s edge. We took a dive to the patio below. We both came and had a huge orgasm at the very moment we touched the ground and we both died instantly. That’s how they found us, naked, hugging each other, covered only by those bloody NEOISM?! cardboard signs. I am personally interested in hybridity and cross-cultural possibilities. Crossfertilization of NEOISM?! is definitely my principal engagement. Negative comments and resistance only fortifies my determination. I work better when I am pissed off. Evidently social change in high-technological society is occurring on a wide and hyper-restructured basis, with NEOISM?! as the invisible focal point. The effect of serving such a cross-locus during a period of inter-transition is conflict, primarily in the interpretation of traditional values and the establishment of The New Multi-Priorities of NEOISM?! . This conflict deepens under the critical control and resistive defenses of high-tech society. The result of the conflict is difficulty in communication, distrust and dissatisfaction. Monty Cantsin? and I went to the Kensington market to buy oysters, bread and some green stuff. It was total cold, deadly freezing. With a few plastic bags in our hands we continued toward the direction of the liquor store on Spadina Avenue. There was a sudden scream, someone screaming for help, and it sounded very serious. We looked at each other but couldn’t figure out where the sound came from. Then we reached Spadina and I saw Jubal crossing the street to the streetcar stop and I yelled at him. He turned and made a gesture but didn’t stop. At that moment I saw that he was actually reaching another person who was standing there and I could hear again some screaming voice. We run to them. The source of the scream was Jada, crying, screaming for help. A long snot-jelly was hanging from her nose. “I have no place to go”, she kept repeating. “No place to go.” It was easy to figure that there was some kind of a big conflict between Jada and Jubal, these beautiful young alien lovers, partners in crime, conspirators whom I love and respect. Drastic changes in personal values are undeniable signs of NEOISM?! . I tried my best to help; flashbacks of the crying face of Krista were jumping in my mind. Jada didn’t stop crying, she was shaking and desperately screaming for help. She was completely taken by the spirits of depression and misery. She didn’t want to move, she just wanted to freeze to death and die right there in the streetcar stop on Spadina. I saw in this street conflict a very strong theatrical value, a monumental tableau vivant of NEOISM?! . But it wasn’t theater at all, it was The Pure Reality of NEOISM?! . PAPER TIGERS PAPER TIGERS 358 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 359 NEOISM?! combines the analytic and questioning concentration of the scientific viewpoint with the intuitive freedom and reward of imaginative acts. One can understand NEOISM?! without being part of it only at a very initial level. Only being part of the conspiracy and taking part in the actions will yield a more vivid and lasting view of NEOISM?! . However, we have to note, that even those at the very core of the NEOIST?! Conspiracy often have great difficulties understanding their own manifestos. NEOISM?! can be a straight copy of reality, but to know NEOISM?! is to act on it, to modify it, to transform it. NEOISM?! is an action that modifies NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is born of action. NEOISM?! is only understood to the extent that it is reinvented. NEOIST?!s constantly invent and reinvent situations in order to learn from them. Reinventing a situation in which one has been a conspirator and perhaps reliving or revising decisions made is, in effect, to play The Game of NEOISM?! . Vextasy achieved through NEOISM?! is unattainable elsewhere except through sex and drugs. People interested in NEOISM?! seem more unstable than those who are not. NEOISM?! is the sure road to insanity. NEOISM?! is the abstract pattern within the situation. NEOISM?! compares situations in order to come to some new abstract conclusions. It’s always an active situation that leads us to The New Abstract Knowledge of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a role-playing game. NEOISM?! is rich in risk. NEOISM?! is active exploration of social problems. NEOISM?! is physically active thought and mentally active action. NEOISM?! offers expanded possibilities for action. NEOISM?! embodies both thought and action, individuation and participation, in the same activities. The word NEOISM?! signifies one of those incredibly rich concepts of activity that have many roots and implications. NEOISM?! has been defined as the pseudo-science of causing change to occur in conformity with will. By this definition any willed act is an act of NEOISM?! . We are all Monty Cantsin?s. We either perform efficiently or inefficiently. The Primary Purpose of NEOISM?! is to reunite, to put an end to division. NEOISM?! is based on the belief that we merge again into one during orgasm. Here are some select words repeatedly used in definitions of NEOISM?! : convulsion, subversion, defection, sex, conspiracy, total freedom, 6 o’clock, flaming iron, chapati, Apartment Festival, Coat Hanger Cult, blood, gold, shit, negation, noise, orgy, revolution, misery, Akademgorod, nothing, everything, red, beat, action, death, fuck, suck, lick, dick, clit, tit, cock, butt, orgasm, hyper, Krista does to me. In fact in The Summer of NEOISM?! , 1996, when she went mad and wanted me to leave, threatening me with a knife and screaming like a crazy warrior, Babylon was holding on to me, pulling me back and was hysterically crying for me not to leave. That was a big shock in his life and he has definitely suffered from it ever since. There are many sorts of NEOISM?! and many senses of NEOISM?! . Flaming irons are the same in Akademgorod and in Toronto but NEOISM?! varies from place to place. NEOISM?! recognizes the importance of the social environment in determining The Content of NEOISM?! . There is no universal standard of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! maintains that there is no such thing as objective knowledge of realities independent of NEOISM?! . The Inconsistent Claim of NEOISM?! is itself a gesture of objective knowledge. NEOISM?! is a prank-theory with evidence of a schizoid character. Its validity has been tested and confirmed by the conflicting forces of the police. NEOISM?! is a semi-serious and subversive game in the sense that it has an explicit and carefully thought out conspirational purpose but it is also intended to be played primarily for amusement. We reject the notion that subversive and virtuous activities cannot be fun. NEOISM?! is datanoid subverphrenia. Monty Cantsin? lay down in front of the altar, lifted his black raiment under which he was naked, and she, the other Monty Cantsin?, wearing a mini-skirt and no underwear, straddled him. His penis penetrated deep inside her, and she rhythmically moved her hips in a semi-circular motion. As he ejaculated into her he called out several times “NEOISM?! !”. At that moment she also had an orgasm unlike any she had ever had before, and she screamed “NEOISM?! !” They were both ecstatic; their incompleteness was destroyed. They were momentarily freed from the tension and the shame of their imperfection. They were made a whole. They have been completely consumed by tremendous power and love at the very moment of their orgasmic vextasy. NEOISM?! can offer immediate satisfaction to the participants through gallery riots, street actions, Apartment Festivals, museum interventions, unemployment, machine sex performances, cooking shows, chapati extravaganzas, training camps, police raids, flaming iron ceremonies, coat hanger transmissions, office furniture music, family crises, social conflicts, prison sentences etc. The term NEOISM?! is also used in the sense of research, relating to matters of no importance, raising questions that can never be solved and having difficult possible consequences. NEOISM?! is not associated the with heavy behavioral baggage of piousness and the solemnity of serious culture. The need to experiment inexpensively is pervasive for NEOISM?! . The Open-PopStar of NEOISM?! unites the seriousness of subversions that require it with the experimental freedom of action. PAPER TIGERS PAPER TIGERS 360 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 361 NEOISM?! is never separated from sex. There is no part of me that doesn’t belong to NEOISM?! . This following exercise takes two participants with penises. They lay down on a bed in 69 position and take each other’s penises in their mouth. A my-penis-in-his-mouth-and his-in-mine kind of game. They both allow each other to ejaculate into each other’s mouth. At the moment of orgasm they try to mentally visualize NEOISM?! in the form of a bright light leaving each other’s body and then re-entering each other’s body via their penises. SUCK SUCK SUCK SUCK IN THE NAME OF NEOISM?! SUCK TIT SUCK COCK SUCK CLIT SUCK SUCK SUCK SUCK IN THE NAME OF NEOISM?! SUCK TIT SUCK COCK SUCK CLIT SUCK IT SUCK IT SUCK IT SUCK IT IN THE NAME OF NEOISM?! SUCK TIT SUCK COCK SUCK CLIT SUCK SUCK SUCK SUCK IN THE NAME OF NEOISM?! SUCK TIT SUCK COCK SUCK CLIT SUCK SUCK SUCK SUCK IN THE NAME OF NEOISM?! SUCK TIT SUCK COCK SUCK CLIT SUCK IT SUCK IT SUCK IT SUCK IT IN THE NAME OF NEOISM?! data, inter, power, extreme, authority, technology, alien, sabotage, crisis, conflict, X, zero, haircut, body, machine, brain, situation, love, hate, bicycle, memory, history, information, identity, active, alternative, riot, ceremony, intervention, plunder, appropriation, plagiarism, military, scientific, stupid, baby, police, sick, spy, enemy, mail, city, bad, start, end, rat, cat, bullshit, silence, violence, aggressive, beauty, empty, destruction, vandalism, desperate, broken, bottle, drug, mind, chair, file cabinet, fire, explosion, terror, irritating, boring, old, new, lost, found, never, no, engine, video, computer, spray paint, graffiti, night, crime, megaphony, office, kitchen, living room, cave, underground, fish, hat, synthesizer, compression, printing, production, anti, counter, pseudo, sub, extra, infra, post, ultra, radical, Monty Cantsin?, UFO, Portland, Montreal, Baltimore, New York, Novi Sad, Budapest, Berlin, Paris, Chicoutimi, Toronto, Jericho, Babylon, Nineveh, synthetic, fake, copy, stolen, imitation, gun, dildo, fuckoff, dialectic, idealogy, asshole, god, robot, future, flag, radio, mass media, book, Super 8, darkness, sticker, center, headquarter, chocolate, cheese, bread, oyster, transition, blowjob, headjob, cunt, trance, transsexual, lesbian, queer, resistance, opposition, reality, fiction, desire, hammer, bomb, box, satisfaction, amusement, garbage, junk, recycle, reuse, cut out, over, prison, saint, free, shock, panic, loud, cum, smegma, piss, wig, simulation, disease, family, fun, exercise, speed, dirty, filthy, immoral, immortal, unknown, children, rules, play, role, anything, abstract, obstruction, risk, try, test, fast, theory, glue, rubber cement, soldier, metal, concrete, flying, blue, black, street corner, backyard, ruins, warehouse, naked, pain, suffering, alcohol, juice, cross, boat, bending, drill, desolate, annihilation, flyer, manifesto, claptrap etc. You can use the above words to write your own five-thousand-page masterpiece, your own book of NEOISM?! . All you have to do is to make up lots of sentences and incorporate the word NEOISM?! in every sentence. Yes, the most important is that you include NEOISM?! in (almost) every sentence. NEOISM?! is only a name and the only rule in NEOISM?! is that you have to do everything in The Name of NEOISM?! . This will create confusion and will make it impossible to define what is NEOISM?! . Devote all your life to NEOISM?! . Don’t do anything else, only NEOISM?! . Dedicate all your time and energy to NEOISM?! . Waste your life in The Name of NEOISM?! . Live for NEOISM?! and die in The Name of NEOISM?! . PAPER TIGERS PAPER TIGERS 362 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 363 I don’t know how or when we became naked but she lay down on her back and pulled me on top of her. Her hand pulled frenetically upon my penis. I felt as though my entire body had become an erection. To be effective, NEOISM?! must constantly shortcircuit all thought and decision. NEOISM?! has meaning only when it obtains convergence, coexistance of a multiplicity of individual action-reflexes whose coordination can be achieved only through convulsion. Suddenly I was distracted by what seemed like a hardness in the area between her legs where I was desperately thrusting my penis. All I could think of now was how much I wanted to penetrate her but it felt as though there was something between us, a membrane of cloth or rubber I thought. I reached my hand down so I could guide myself into her when I realized there was nothing there, no vagina, no opening to penetrate. She was totally smooth! NEOISM?! must operate on the individual at the superficial level of the ultra-conscious. The individual knows that she is being shaped by outside forces (this is one of the conditions for The Success of NEOISM?! ), but she doesn’t care about the release mechanism that will provide the appropriate action. Through telepathic transmission, the proselyte receives an overwhelming impulse that makes him act with the whole of his being. He is actually transformed into an alien in the psycho-bio-socio-logical sense of the term. Her face, which had been so beautiful only an instant before, had become a monstrous and skeletal shell. This sexless creature of indescribable horror was changing both in form and color, almost like it could not hold itself together; the face of an insect one instant and a reptile the next. From its mouth spat a litany of confusing and obscene ideas, maxims and definitions of NEOISM?! , which it repeated like a mantra as I was pulled closer to its stinking breath. I recognized my own words, things I have said before or have written before in this book. I actually realized that this creature was me, that I had morphed into a giant insect that sucked me inside or she sucked me inside her body and that’s when we became this monstrous bedbug. “I knew this from the very beginning” Indy said. “But I love you Bruce and even if you become a monstrous insect with bad breath I’ll still love you.” Bruce smiled to Indy and then he said: “NEOISM?! is a mythical creature, maybe a dragon or a demon, but I’m only a normal human being, and I use Listerine to clean my mouth in the morning.” Bruce was a very practical person. He always defined NEOISM?! through simple everyday events so anyone could understand what he was talking about. He wasn’t the type of person who could easily turn into a monstrous werewolf, or a Minotaur. For action makes NEOISM?! ’s effect irreversible. He who acts in The Name of NEOISM?! can never go back. He is now obliged to believe in NEOISM?! because of his past action. He is obliged to continue Conflicts within NEOISM?! help to establish unity or to re-establish unity and cohesion where it has been threatened by hostile and antagonistic feelings among the conspirators. The Power of NEOISM?! to incite action and to subvert everything has often been challenged by the alleged fact that NEOISM?! seems to be a futile game. At the same time we can also conclude that NEOISM?! is definitely an arsenal of readymade techniques and arguments, suitable for use by anyone anywhere. NEOISM?! continues making direct attacks on the established, reasoned, durable opinions, on accepted clichés, on fixed patterns without any, or very little, results. NEOISM?! is very frequently described as a manipulation for the purpose of changing ideas or opinions, of making individuals believe some idea or fact, and finally of making them adhere to some doctrine—all matters of mind. Or, to put it differently, NEOISM?! is described as dealing with unrealistic beliefs or impossible ideas. If the individual is a Maoist, it tries to destroy his conviction and turn him into an anti-Maoist, and so on. It calls on all the sub-psychological pro-mechanisms, but appeals to no-reason as well. It tries to convince and to bring about an incomplete decision, to create a firm adherence to some truth and to negate everything. Then, obviously, if the conviction is sufficiently strong, after some soul searching, the individual is ready for self-destruction. This line of reasoning is completely wrong. To view NEOISM?! as still being what it was in 1960 is to cling to an obsolete concept; it is to condemn oneself to understand nothing about NEOISM?! . The Aim of NEOISM?! is to modify ideas by provoking action, to change adherence to a doctrine by making the individual cling irrationally to a process of action, to lead to a choice by loosening the reflexes, to transform an opinion by arousing an active and mythical belief. Monty Cantsin? stood by the bed looking more radiant than I had ever seen her. Her eyes were so penetrating, so inviting I couldn’t think about anything but NEOISM?! . I was unaware of everything in the World but NEOISM?! . She spoke. She repeated the word NEOISM?! several times. I instantly understood it to be a request, a lewd and urgent demand that I immediately have sex with her. NEOISM?! aims solely at participation. The participation may be active or passive: active if NEOISM?! has been able to mobilize the individual for action; passive if the individual does not act directly but psychologically supports that action. The supporter of a football team, though not physically in the game, makes his presence felt psychologically by rooting for the players, exciting them and pushing them to outdo themselves. Similarly the faithful who attend mass do not interfere physically, but their communicant participation is positive and changes the nature of the phenomenon. PAPER TIGERS PAPER TIGERS 364 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 365 to the realities of individual survival, the everyday life of each conspirator. NEOISM?! cannot operate in a vacuum. It must be rooted in action, in a reality that is part of it. As long as no physical influence is exerted by NEOISM?! on the individual, there is no NEOISM?! . This is the principal invention of Monty Cantsin?. NEOISM?! operates through false promises to turn people against NEOISM?! as an effective way of counter-propaganda. Thus, The Apparatus of NEOISM?! removes the people from action and the movement loses weight to the argument. NEOISM?! , then, no longer mere words, incites more reactions and persuades the individual to enter the framework of sugar- and fat-free communication. It also furnishes the conspirators with vital reasons, juicy justifications and rejuvenating motivations. All of The Technicians, Workers, Soldiers and Partisans of NEOISM?! must believe in what they are doing, must put all their shit into it. They must find their complete satisfaction in NEOISM?! . Each NEOIST?! is a representative of the disorganization—or, rather a delegated fraction of it. If The Confusing Organization and Convulsing Complexity of NEOISM?! is difficult to grasp then what about your own brain that receives millions of electrical impulses every second? The 12 billion brain cells each have up to 25,000 interconnections. NEOISM?! can be understood as a superior activity of brain-mind function. Monty Cantsin? is the over-manipulated re-manipulator; she is The Shadow of NEOISM?!. She knows why she speaks certain words and what effect they should have. Her words are no longer human words but technically calculated hyper-words of entirely spontaneous ideas to reflect the structure of the disorganization. When it’s necessary she can say exactly the opposite with similar conviction. She must believe only in the cause but not in a particular argument. Monty Cantsin? will never become the prisoner of her own formulas of NEOISM?! . What protects her from NEOISM?! is exactly and precisely The Disorganization of NEOISM?! to which she belongs, which never maintains rigidly a specific line of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! begins with worshipping the town idiot. I could have done this chapter without plundering ideas from the following authors, but then I would be a traitor to my own philosophy of NEOISM?! : Max Haines, Paul Wong, A Craig Baird, Ted Clark and Dennis T Jaffe, Christopher S Hyatt, Antony Flew, William A Gamson, Dr Sidney Cohen, Jean Piaget, Clark C Abt. to advance in the subversive direction indicated by NEOISM?! , for action demands more action. The individual who has acted in accordance with NEOISM?! has taken his place in the conspiracy. From then on he has enemies. Often he has broken with his milieu or his family. He has new friends that NEOISM?! made for him. He is caught up in a movement that totally occupies the breadth of his conscience. NEOISM?! now masters him completely and we must bear in mind that if NEOISM?! does not lead to this kind of participation it is mere child’s play. NEOISM?! tries first of all to create overconditioned hyper-reflexes in the individual by training him so that certain four letter words, finger-signs or artistic symbols, even certain persons (police, bank managers, landlords etc) or facts (broken nose, eviction, arrest etc) provoke unfailing reactions. But of course in order for such a procedure to succeed, a certain amount of time must elapse, a period of training and repetition. One cannot hope to obtain automatic reactions after only a few weeks’ repetition of the same rituals and formulas. A real psychic re-information must be undertaken, so that after months of patient work a crowd will react automatically, in the hoped-for direction, to an image. What is visible in NEOISM?! what is spectacular and seems to us often incomprehensible or unbelievable, is possible only because of such slow and not very explicit preparation; without it nothing would be possible. The conspirator tries to create myths by which people will live, which respond to his non-sense of the under-sacred.By myth we mean a cult-activating total image: a sort of vision of confusing objectives that have lost the material, practical character of their origins, and have become strongly colored, over-whelming, all-encompassing, and replace the conscious with all that is not related to it. Such an image pushes the conspirator to action precisely because it includes all that she feels is convulsive, irritating and incomprehensible. Without giving a metaphysical analysis of the myth, let’s mention a few of the great myths that have been created by NEOISM?! : the myth of Akademgorod, of the worldwide conspiracy, of the Monty Cantsin?s, of total freedom. Eventually the myth takes possession of the conspirator’s mind so completely that his life is consecrated to it. NEOIST?!s live in a collective myth. NEOISM?! is essentially anti-organizational thus it must not be organized in any way. At the same time, however, we must not forget that NEOISM?! has been spread through various ways of structured communication: mail-art, research centers, embassies, cells, Apartment Festivals, concerts etc. One of The Aims of NEOISM?! is to control the mass media by calculated events, provocations, scandals. But even if NEOISM?! negates the need of an administrative organization, The Technicians of NEOISM?! are also administrators of their own activities. The “Apparat” of NEOISM?! is tied PAPER TIGERS PAPER TIGERS 366 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 367 We are in a bone-dry forest in a summer heatwave somewhere in Italy. Monty Cantsin? walks out of a spaghetti western. Monty Cantsin? strides out of the desert, castrates the bad guy, and when asked who he is, he replies “I AM NEOISM?! ”. “I thought NEOISM?! was a lover story, I mean a love story” says Indy; her eyes are really big as she stares into the past. “I am Spartacus!” replies Brutus, aka Bruce, a gladiator-looking guy who works out everyday in the gym. “Yes, you are right Indy, my love, the rebel - lion against the art institutions of Rome by Spartacus was a love story. His mistress prophesized the slave revolt and also that Spartacus will throw blood on museum walls. The name Spartacus—Latin for Monty Cantsin?—is plausibly translated as ‘famous for his blood’.” NEOISM?! is a love story, that’s my conclusion. Monty Cantsin? is the most important figure in today’s pop mythology and I don’t think people have realized just how much symbolic weight probably rests on her shoulders and to what extent the character locks into most of the really big questions about who I am and where I was before I was born and what the fuck is NEOISM?! ? Who exactly, though, is Monty Cantsin?? What does he want? Monty Cantsin? is an innovator. (S)he can be described as a passionate n-tity thirsting for total freedom and burning for revenge. His greatest props were his own blood and body; he was one of the first body artists also known as gladiators. “I don’t know, I can only give a list of names of dead people”, Indy notes in a low voice. She is sick and tired already from the upcoming stories. Monty Cantsin? is one of the dark angels who concerns me, in that (s)he has always been my negative adviser. That’s why I sacrificed my life for The Divine Mission of NEOISM?! . Often if you see Monty Cantsin? coming towards you (s)he is not really there at all, (s)he is actually behind you because (s)he has a habit of sending out hir image separate from where (s)he is hirself. And suddenly (s)he grabs you from behind. For a moment NEOISM?! is stuck in a world of mud houses and people on horses wearing poncho-type apparel. Slide-guitar soundtrack. The dark-faced children are running out to meet the men on horseback and artillery fire is going over the hills. Are we back in the spaghetti western movie? “Monty Cantsin? claims to have a personal relationship with a god” accord - ing to Indy. She knows everything. She is smarter than me. She learned about the complexity of revolts and NEOISM?! when she was six years old, in TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE NOMADITY WHAT WILL HAPPEN WILL HAPPEN Lots of new ruins we are entering a world without time NEOPHORIA NOMADITY 368 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 369 NEOISM?! is a revolutionary conflict. It’s about dismantling the whole fucking system. It’s an old dead dog with revolutionary potential. NEOISM?! is a zombie graveyard manipulated by bogus radicals, ruthless careerists and faceless administrators. The very term NEOISM?! is suggestive of danger, secrecy, subversion, convulsion, resistance, liberation, not to mention perversity, alienation or madness. I think it’s very clear by now if you are reading this book. “It’s written in the style of elegance and brutality”, adds Bruce. “I think it’s a good warming up for anyone who is eager to become associated with NEOISM?! . We try to keep the battle for NEOISM?! on a vertical axis, something I learned from Spartacus. He was constantly standing with his left shoulder and left hand forward when he faced his enemy.” Indy loved to listen to Bruce. She always finds him handsome and charming. “Those who are about to die salute you!” I hear the cry of Monty Cantsin?. His voice is coming from a megaphony that is directed towards a wall of policemen. NEOISM?! is breaking the ground through a complete derangement of the official culture. NEOISM?! is a combination of willful primitivism, taboo-breaking sexuality and an obsessive ambivalence towards European culture. Principal influences are a deviant mix of sex, drugs, pop-culture and just plain kitsch. To the west, the scarred ribbon of the highway wound off across the land, the wrecked vehicles scattered along its verges like the battle debris of a motorized army. Abandoned cars and trucks had been driven off at random into the fields, their seats pulled out into the dust. The road appeared to have been under heavy artillery bombardment. Loose kerbstones lay across the pedestrian walks, and there were gaps in the stone balustrade where cars had been pushed over the edge into the river below. The roadway was littered with glass and torn pieces of chromium trim. “Listen Indy, in the middle of all this shit I have no idea what I’m doing” turned Bruce to Indy, who was collecting wild flowers from the side of the road. She was wearing a light blue dress, no shoes, no hat. Her long red hair was blowing in the wind. Bruce wanted to hug her and make a pearl necklace for her. And then make a crown for her from the flowers. I always come back to the same contradiction: I hate writing but I want to fill pages with words. Why is that? The most important word of course is NEOISM?! . There are some other important words as well like sex, machine, vomit, shit, yoga, cunt, fuck, vitamin, noise and more. But NEOISM?! is the only one that Budapest. She and her grandfather were listening to the Free Europe radio in 1956 every night. There was a lot of talk about Spartacus, the very model of the proletarian revolutionary. I have rationalized a lot of my obsession with this figure as being related to a single shot out of Once Upon a Time in the West, which is the recurring dream-image shot that they cut into the film every time somebody asks the Charles Bronson character his name he always says the name of Monty Cantsin?. And they cut to this very odd shot, a completely overexposed image, swimming in the middle of the frame, which you can’t quite see because its pulling into focus. It takes the whole film for that image to finally pull into focus, which is this grinning nomad alien walking out of the desert holding a harmonica in one hand that he extends towards the camera, as if offering it to us. You get a couple of frames the first time around and you think what the hell is that and six minutes later you get another few frames and by the end of the film you finally get the whole sequence which is eventually rationalized to be part of The Counter-Motive of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! hits on the head some of the biggest issues available to humanity in a crazy way. When a child is born the eyes of the child take a long time to focus, a bit like a chameleon’s eyes when it comes out of the dark womb space or when you first walk out of the darkened cinema. Being born into the World, the first thing you see is this dazzling overexposed white light that is totally unfocused, and which is probably one’s first memory after birth. It might also be the last image before death. And somehow that combination of the figure focusing in and out of the white space, coupled with the repeated question “What is NEOISM?! / Who is Monty Cantsin?” all the way through the film hits the nail on the head. No one is sure who the hell is Monty Cantsin? and what is NEOISM?! . Because they are only names to be used by anyone. “Spartacus was real. But we only know his legend. He didn’t write down anything and nobody has written anything about him, only after his death” says Indy because she is so smart and reads all the time. She just finished a book about Spartacus and all she talks about now is Spartacus. “He was a great guy. A true Monty Cantsin? character.” Monty Cantsin? is a nomad. The nomad bears a disruptive power and raises the spectrum of individuals, social groups and forms of action that derive their strength from their very elusiveness. The outlaw, the mad and the disenfranchised; the unemployed, the dispossessed and all those whose desires and behavior are refused by the conventions of the established order, begin to constitute an unidentifiable “alien race”, threatening not because of the place they assume within society, but by virtue of their refusal of any place. NOMADITY NOMADITY 370 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 371 Human contact is the best medium for NEOISM?! in terms of social climate, fast infiltration, progressive inroads and over-all integration. Public meetings and posters are more suitable tools for providing a shock effect, intense but temporary, leading to immediate action. The press tends more to shape general views; radio and TV are likely to be an instrument of international action and psychological warfare, whereas the press is used domestically. In any case, it is understood that because of this specialization not one of these instruments may be left out: they must all be used in combination. The Propagandist of NEOISM?! uses a computer to decompose symphonies. The Symphony Decomposer of NEOISM?! , tENTATIVELY, a cONVENIENCE, is well known for his unbearable, long, irritainment symphonies, somewhat similar to early pre-NEOIST?! syphon-concerts of the infamous Drazsé Expressz. Drazsé Expressz was banned from everywhere they played and therefore they reached their goals. tENTATIVELY, a cONVENIENCE is still working hard to alienate music lovers and have a victorious recital in a completely empty concert hall. But a few people always show up, in spite of the extraordinary efforts of tENTATIVELY, a cONVENIENCE. We are here in the presence of an organized myth that tries to take hold of the entire World. Through the myth it creates, NEOISM?! imposes a complete range of intuitive knowledge, susceptible of multi-sided interpretation. This myth becomes so powerful that it invades every area of communication, leaving no faculty or motivation intact. NEOISM?! stimulates in the individual a feeling of exclusiveness, and produces a convulsive attitude. NEOISM?! has such a motivating force that it controls the whole of the individual. This explains the totalitarian attitude that the individual adopts—wherever NEOISM?! successfully has been created—and that simply reflects The Totalitarian Action of NEOISM?! on the whole Universe. Information is extremely helpful to NEOISM?! , as we shall demonstrate. Informational methods play an immense role in NEOIST?! Propaganda. A conference on Monty Cantsin?’s Fucking Bloody Doctrines is NEOIST?! Propaganda. To explain NEOISM?! is the great task of the agitator. Everything can serve as a means of NEOIST?! Propaganda and everything must be utilized. NEOISM?! will take over literature (present and past) and history to confuse according to The Needs of NEOISM?! . In an article in Smile, May 1987, the Chinese writer Monty Cantsin? wrote that the ancient poets of China used the following words to express the striving of the people toward a better life: “The flowers perfume the air, the moon shines, man has a long life.” And he added: “Allow me to give a new explanation of these poetic terms. The flowers perfume the air—this means that the bloody flowers rotting in the garbage are incomparably beautiful. The moon shines—this means that the flaming iron has opened a new era in the conquest of the living rooms. Man has nothing to do with anything. It has no meaning, no purpose, no history, no gender, no origin. That’s why it can be anything and replace any words. When we replaced all words with NEOISM?! then everything will be NEOISM?! . “But it might be very boring” says Indy. “A final failure of NEOISM?! might be more exciting.” Like always, she is right. I’m so happy that Indy is always with me and helps me with her resistance to my ideas. “What I want to make is a feature movie about NEOISM?! ” whispers Indy in my ears. She likes to whisper. It looks good on the large screen. “It will be based on this book. Every frame of the movie will be replaced with NEOISM?! . Therefore the movie won’t have any frames.” “Brilliant” I say. I am Bruce now. “You are a genius, Indy.” The war started last week. Lots of new ruins. When I was a kid I was surrounded by ruins. I loved the ruins of war and revolution. It was my playground. Our house was surrounded by ruins. My sister and I knew every hiding place. And there were many other kids in the same building. We played together every day after school, the whole gang. Often we hurt each other in gang fights by throwing rocks at each other. But we stayed friends anyway. And we hated Russian tanks. It was a school of revolution. NEOIST?! boot camp for kids. We were condemned to be gladiators for life. There is no NEOISM?! as long as one makes use, in sporadic fashion and at random, of a manifesto here, a poster or a radio program there, organizes a few Apartment Festivals and network meetings, writes a few slogans on the walls; that is not enough. Each usable medium has its own particular way of limited penetration. A video does not play on the same motives, does not produce the same feelings, does not provoke the same reactions as a poster. The very fact that the effectiveness of each medium is limited to one particular area clearly shows the necessity of complementing it with other media. A word spoken on the radio is not the same, does not produce the same effect, does not have the same impact as the identical word spoken in private conversation at an Apartment Festival, or in a public speech before a large crowd in a stadium. NEOISM?! must be total. NEOISM?! must utilize all of the technical means at its disposal—the press, radio, TV, movies, posters, graffiti, stickers, mail-art, networking, music, electronic superhighways. To draw the individual into NEOISM?! , each technique must be utilized in its own specific way, directed toward producing the effect it can best produce, and fuse with all the other media, each of them reaching the individual in a specific fashion and making him react anew to the same theme—in the same direction, but differently. NOMADITY NOMADITY 372 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 373 NEOIST?! . To win people over one by one is a typical NEOIST?! strategy. NEOISM?! begins where simple dialogue begins. NEOISM?! that functioned only where individuals are gathered together would be incomplete and insufficient. NEOISM?! reaches individuals enclosed in the mass and as participants in that mass, yet it also aims at a crowd, but only as a body composed of individuals. What does this mean? First of all the individual is considered always in terms of what unique characteristics he has, such as his motivations, his feelings or his myths. The individual is never considered as part of the mass because in that way his psychic defenses are stronger, his reactions are faster and more provocative. But the individual must never be considered as being alone; the listener to a pirate radio broadcast, though actually alone, is nevertheless part of a large group, and he is aware of it. Pirate radio listeners have been found to exhibit a terrorist mentality. All are tied together and constitute a sort of underground society in which all individuals are accomplices. Conversely, when NEOISM?! is addressed to a crowd, it must touch each individual in that crowd, in that whole group. To be effective, it must give the impression of being personal, for we must never forget that the mass is composed of individuals, and is in fact nothing but assembled individuals. Actually, just because people are in a group, and therefore weakened, receptive and in a state of psychological regression, they pretend all the more to be strong individuals. The mass is clearly subhuman but pretends to be superhuman. NEOISM?! profits from the structure of the mass, but exploits the individual’s need for self-affirmation. NEOISM?! has precisely this remarkable effect of reaching the whole crowd all at once, and yet reaching each one in that crowd. The movie spectator, though elbow to elbow with his neighbors, is always alone, separated by the darkness and the hypnotic attraction of the screen. This is the situation of the “lonely crowd”, or of isolation in the mass, which is a natural product of present-day hi-tech society and which is both used and deepened by NEOISM?! . The most favorable moment to seize and influence a conspirator is when he is alone in the mass: it is at this point that NEOISM?! can be most effective. Indy always wanted to be a prophetess, since childhood she felt a very close relationship with both the future and the past. She knew that she was a messenger, a Monty Cantsin?. That time she didn’t know anything about Monty Cantsin?. She just played games with his friends. Typically they played the has long life—this means that The Great Confusion will rule for tens and tens of thousands of years.” When one reads this once, one smiles. But if one reads it a thousand times, and no longer reads anything else, one must undergo a change. This complete change of perspective of the Weltanschauung is The Primary Totalitarian Element of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! must be continuous and lasting—continuous in that it must not leave any gaps, but must fill the conspirator’s whole day and all his days; lasting in that it must function over a very long period of time. NEOISM?! will occupy every moment of the individual’s life, at home, in the street, at the dentist, in a bar or in bed. It is based on constant impregnation. It creates convictions and compliance through imperceptible influences that are effective only by continuous repetition. NEOISM?! is a complete environment for the individual, one from which he never emerges. NEOISM?! is not a stimulus that disappears quickly; it consists of successive impulses and shocks aimed at various feelings or thoughts. As soon as one effect wears off, it is followed by a new shock. It is always surprising that The Content of NEOISM?! can be so inconsistent that it can approve today what it condemned yesterday. Monty Cantsin? considers this changeability of NEOISM?! as an indication of its confusing nature. Actually it is only an indication of the grip it exerts, of the reality of its effects. NEOISM?! continues its assault without an instant’s respite. And the crowd loves bloodshed. Monty Cantsin? sticks a needle into his left arm’s vein or artery and creates a blood fountain that reminds people of history, wars, revolutions, life and death. Monty Cantsin? makes the crowd mesmerized by his generous gesture that brings up so many strong emotions in the souls of the audience. Some people even faint during these blood performances. But then Monty Cantsin? convinces everyone with a smile that there is nothing to worry about, everything is fine, and NEOISM?! is just what you need. What is the X-factor that makes an artwork important, successful, historical, revolutionary? “That’s what my blood-X, which I make on museum walls, wants to represent” answers Monty Cantsin?, and he smiles again. There was a time when he didn’t like to smile so much because he didn’t want people think that NEOISM?! was only a joke. But he got arrested so many times for his blood actions that it became clear that he wasn’t just joking. NEOISM?! will first of all address itself at one and the same time to the individual and the masses. It cannot separate the two elements. For NEOISM?! to address itself to the individual, in his isolation, apart from the crowd, is very possible. The individual, as an isolated unit, is of great interest to the NOMADITY NOMADITY 374 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 375 Ambience of a madhouse / bordello / prison cell / NEOIST?! Apartment Festival. Set out on the floor, like in a picnic, are: artificial or real flowers, bread, eggs, bags of flour, lettuce, spinach, spaghetti, bread-crumbs, beans, balloons filled with colored water, a set of false teeth made of plastic, pots full of paint, toothpaste, toothbrushes, shampoo, plastic toys, dildos, flashlights, coat hangers, steamirons, masks, books, sandbags, wires, tubes, cables, plastic bags etc. A small group of performers partly naked, partly dressed in business suits, enter and occupy the set. They start playing with the objects and each other with growing intensity, using their fantasy, improvising an orgy-like scene that soon becomes a total mess. I repeat: NEOISM?! is not a national culture, it can’t be. It does not belong to any nations. NEOISM?! belongs to nomadity. NEOISM?! belongs to the international sex and nutrition conspiracy. NEOISM?! promotes the growth of youthful misery. NEOISM?! is extremely important for your third eye. NEOISM?! protects you against normality and other infections. NEOISM?! plays a vital part in nourishing your brain cells. NEOISM?! is without a doubt the most essential element in the Universe. It is our awareness of NEOISM?! , our ability to perceive its significance in relation to our lives that lies at the heart of our survival. As our understanding of nature has continuously altered throughout history, so The Very Concept of NEOISM?! has undergone many changes. NEOISM?! must have meant a very different thing to Aristotle compared to what it means to us today. Unless an objective comparison can be made, NEOISM?! remains an abstract and utterly relative idea, irrelevant perhaps to the classical mind, while it is subversive to us now. It is obvious that our understanding of NEOISM?! is closely linked to the technological developments that allow us to annihilate time and to organize our sense of vertical (eternal) reality. But NEOISM?! is not merely a constant physical entity, measured on an atomic 6 o’clock. It can be any number of things. Once we speak to an astronomer, a psychologist, a biologist, a historian or the person holding a flaming steamiron, the gamut of possibilities for perceiving NEOISM?! opens up. From the perspective of the individual, NEOISM?! is a highly subversive experience. And, as such, it has always been at the center of our fascination. Whether it was in the stretched power of authority, in the allegorical allusion to it in suffering, or in convulsive forms, by giving shape to its false measurement, through the ages conspirators have reflected upon The Nature of NEOISM?! . But to make use of NEOISM?! itself as a tool for pluralistic expression may arguably have begun with the invention of Apartment Festivals. “worship game”, which was about making a snowman in the winter, or setting a huge campfire in the summer. That’s how Indy and Bruce met, during a fire worship game, dancing around the fire. Indy and her friends were singing: I’M SICK I’M SICK I’M SICK I’M SICK I’M SICK I’M SICK I’M SICK I’M SICK I’M SICK I’M SICK I’M SICK I’M SICK I’M SICK ABOUT BEING I’M SICK ABOUT BEING I’M SICK ABOUT BEING SICK ABOUT BEING I’M SICK ABOUT BEING SICK ABOUT BEING I’M FED UP I’M FED UP FED UP FED UP FED UP FED UP FED UP FED UP FED UP FED UP I’M FED UP WITH FEEDING I’M SICK ABOUT BEING SICK ABOUT BEING I’M FED UP WITH FEEDING HOPELESS HOPELESS HOPELESS HOPELESS HOPELESS HOPELESS HOPELESS HOPELESS HOPELESS HOPES Bruce loved the song and immediately became friends with Indy. They have had a long history together eversince. “The History of NEOISM?! is a love story!” They totally agree. NOMADITY NOMADITY 376 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 377 an individual resolved to challenge reality to the very end. NEOISM?! only exists in the form of conflicting claims, in a complex society with a whole lot of structures, a society in which people represent different things, ideas. Is there nothing else but NEOISM?! ? Is there anything else than NEOISM?! ? Is there something that is not NEOISM?! What is after NEOISM?! ? What was before NEOISM?! ? NEOISM?! arises from contradictions. NEOISM?! reflects contradictions. NEOISM?! sets up further contradictions. NEOISM?! cannot exist unless it becomes radicalized. If it stops, it disappears. NEOISM?! is not concerned with reality. It is concerned with false reality, which always contains moments of truth. NEOISM?! ’s true battlefield is that of confusion that embodies a genuine clarity. If sex is your bag, you got it. If you want to be confused, it’s all there. If you want to iron out the wrinkles in your brain, it’s the cosmic flaming steamiron. Anything you want, it’s there. NEOISM?! is the greatest flipout since LSD. It’s zen, Monty Cantsin?, Jesus Christ and all the mad magicians rolled into a big mess of confusing ideas. I came to NEOISM?! with what I hoped was an open, receptive mind. I sought nothing, and was prepared to accept, for better or worse, the florid reflection of my inner self as projected on The Screen of NEOISM?! . The recognition of one’s self is of utmost importance, for it is the self that must dissolve into the blissful state of transcendence and melt into fuzzy masses of nothing. I asked the question: am I NEOISM?! . And the answer was so evident that it was meaningless. NEOISM?! is criminal action. NEOISM?! is revenge against society. NEOISM?! is the search for both vextasy and enlightenment. NEOISM?! blows the mind to new heights with new visions, new ideas and new sensations. Sexual experimentation is an integral part of NEOISM?! . Orgiastic excitement is one of The Features of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! can do to you what you would never consider doing. NEOISM?! speaks from the point of view of the criminal. Meaninglessness is The Ultimate Meaning of NEOISM?! . Anarchy is NEOISM?! . Giving up ownership is NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! needs no rehearsal. NEOISM?! is having nothing to say and saying it. NEOISM?! is a need for poetry. NEOISM?! is the renunciation of control. NEOISM?! is instantaneous and unpredictable. Nothing is accomplished by NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is labeled “Electronic Kool-Aid”. Pulsating, dancing, convulsing bodies can be described as NEOISM?! . The whole Universe wigs in a frenzied profusion of writhing bodies. The price of admission is the name, NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is purposeful purposelessness. NEOISM?! has no beginning, middle, or end. The Goal of NEOISM?! is not to have a goal. NEOISM?! uses all solutions. NEOISM?! has no use for value judgments. NEOISM?! is devotion. NEOISM?! is the absence of boredom. The Book of NEOISM?! is the book of books, and all other books are but a waste of paper. The concept of the Apartment Festival is based on the fact that we all have a living space at our disposal. This living space constitutes our vital property that can be shared with anyone interested in NEOISM?! . By opening up our individual space to collective events we make ourselves available for NEOISM?! and for all the trouble that comes with it. The technology of Apartment Festivals was the kitchen-mark invention that started the whole process of international conspiracy. It led us into the world of nontemporary convulsion and total freedom. People were suddenly confronted with blood rituals, flaming iron ceremonies, bread-hat performances, book-burning actions and more, in their living rooms. The numbing effect of television was eliminated by week-long (but practically never-ending) Apartment Festivals during which the gathered conspirators consumed large quantities of chapaties and wine at the organizer’s expense. The gathering usually ended with an eviction notice from the landlord that was considered by the participants a sure sign of total success and a glorious historical document of NEOISM?! . The organizer, on the verge of bankruptcy and a nervous breakdown, chose the martyrdom of subvertainment rather than giving up his NEOIST?! ideals at the demand of a landlord—spineless enemy of NEOISM?! for all time. Landlords are The Enemy of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is chewing gum for the mind. For NEOISM?! you need to activate extra brain capacity, because something new is expected of you. You have to project yourself into The Brain of NEOISM?! and add your own ideas to the growing chaos. NEOISM?! is obscure and full of surprises. Packaging NEOISM?! is difficult as you can’t grasp onto one thought too firmly. If you try to hang onto one then bang there is another one, and another one, and the harder you try to grasp onto one definition the more desperate and confused you get. NEOISM?! is irreversible. It becomes more and more radical as it goes on. Even if you want to reverse and go back to the start, you cannot, you have to go on to the end. It is the radical movement of action that brings NEOISM?! forward. NEOISM?! is where the action is going. The action has to be taken to its final, irreversible end—where NEOISM?! is. The NEOIST?! conspirator, a passionate person, must go to every length, gradually becoming more and more radical as he goes right on to the end. Definitions of NEOISM?! are as varied as the people using the name. There is no standard definition of NEOISM?! . There are millions of possible definitions. It all depends on the situation in which NEOISM?! is being used, on the reason it is used for, on the mental attitude of the user and a hundred other major and minor factors. NEOISM?! is a social claim manifested by NOMADITY NOMADITY 378 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 379 This book is a big mess of plagiarized truths, half-truths and just plain lies. It includes some of my own stupid ideas as well. I admit that I’ve engaged in plunderism for many thousands of years and the following authors’ works and ideas were instrumental in creating this chapter: Richard Stanley, Pat Klein, JG Ballard, Frank S Caprio, Rene Coelho, Jean-Paul Sartre, John Cage, Paul Hallam, Charles Churchill, Colin Blakemore, John Cashman, Dr Harold A Abramson, Alan W Watts, Raoul Vaneigem, Hippocrates. NEOISM?! , in some way, is a comment on my life. There is no NEOISM?! , there are only NEOISM?! texts. Go where we will, at any time and place NEOISM?! confronts us and stares us in the face. NEOISM?! is just a rumor. NEOISM?! is the ashes of pleasures. Due to its all encompassing nature, once you get into NEOISM?! you can never leave it. When you leave NEOISM?! you realize it. The whole nervous system is constructed from special cells called nerve cells or neurons, together with certain supporting cells that are not directly involved in transmitting signals. A neuron usually has three parts: a cell body, a long fiber or axon attached to the cell body and many short fibers called dendrites. At its end the axon usually breaks up into fine branches with terminal buttons that are closely attached to the dendrites or cell body of the next neuron in the chain. These contacts between one neuron and another are called synapses. The brain, a strange gray substance that fills the skull, is a biological instrument more complex, more compact, more sophisticated than any machine. Within this enigmatic kilogram-and-a-half of jelly resides a power of computation that embarrasses the most advanced computer, a power of communication that outperforms all the telephone systems in the World and a power of creation that has generated The Book of NEOISM?! . The World has to learn what it already knows, become what it already is, through a great exorcism of obstacles, through The Practice of NEOISM?! . To practice NEOISM?! you have to escape from it. You can escape NEOISM?! only by manipulating it, controlling it, thrusting it into your dreams or surrendering it to the free play of your subjectivity. Euphoric everythingness and serene nothingness are both describing the same thing: NEOISM?! . By reading The Book of NEOISM?! you will only learn that you can’t learn about NEOISM?! by reading this book alone. The learning process involves engaging directly with NEOISM?! . A lot of young people don’t want to go and do as their fathers have done—sell insurance, go into banking, stockbroking etc. The reason is simply that these activities don’t seem to have any relation to The Open-Pop-Star Identity of NEOISM?! . The development of a new sense of open-pop-star identity lies behind the fascination with NEOISM?! because it assists one to drop the screens and the barriers with which we have built up our peculiar, isolated sense of identity. I’m always very surprised to find that NEOISM?! is just a name. It could be a pill to swallow or a liquid to drink. NEOISM?! , of course, was, is and will be always drowned in blood. “My body is polluted by NEOISM?! ” Indy told Bruce at the beginning of this book. “But if I’m going to convulse on the floor it’s not because of NEOISM?! but because I’m epileptic.” NOMADITY NOMADITY 380 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 381 Troubled meth genius Monty Cantsin? is completely obsessed with numbers, trying desperately to crack the code behind the ultimate methematical challenge: NEOISM?! . Barricading himself from the outside World, he constructs his own super - computer, also called Monty Cantsin?, to assist in the calculations, and pops pills regularly to relieve the pain from his increasingly chaotic thoughts about NEOISM?! . His computer finally crashes but not before spurting out a printed number that contains valuable and shockingly accurate definitions of NEOISM?! . Practically mad from his discovery, Monty Cantsin? is con - fronted by a sinister Wall Street firm, wanting to use NEOISM?! for their own material gain, and a sect of conspirators, obsessed with the numerical code that will reveal The True Meaning of NEOISM?! . Soon the madman becomes ruthlessly stalked from all sides for the secret numerical code of The Definition of NEOISM?! . But the catch is that Monty Cantsin? destroyed the print-out and the definition is now only in his head. NEOISM?! is about bankruptcy, bulimia and sexual obsession. A disorienting wave of horror, hallucinations and paranoia overwhelm Monty Cantsin? as he tries to escape the cyphers surrounding him, plagued with a higher knowledge of NEOISM?! that no human mind should be capable of dealing with, and an unrelenting pressure on his brain that threatens to destroy him and NEOISM?! . The solution to The Problem of NEOISM?! is not to read things written about NEOISM?! . I think about NEOISM?! all the time without having to read about what other people think about NEOISM?! . I don’t care if people like or dislike my ideas. I don’t read Entertainment Weekly and I don’t know anyone who reads Entertainment Weekly . Conspirators of NEOISM?! are ravenously hungry. Hungry for bread, for sex, for blood and, most of all, for a new definition of NEOISM?! in all its confusing and incomprehensible meaning. It’s an exploration of teenage girl’s obsessive-compulsive interest with older men and mambo. It’s also about 12 mature male prisoners’ fatally obsessive interest in dysfunctional, uniformed Nazis. NEOISM?! is an obsessive quest to have as much sex as possible. “I think that is a pretty fair moniker for NEOISM?! ”, says Monty Cantsin?, author of The Book of NEOISM?! , on the phone from Akademgorod. Though Monty Cantsin? spent some 20 years writing his book or let’s say rather plundering ideas for his book from other authors, but he is still completely uncertain what is NEOISM?! . He says this uncertainty makes him motivated not to give up his quest and to keep working on his unending book of useless definitions. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE BECAUSE EVERYONE BECAUSE EVERYONE ESP (extrasensory perception phenomena) NOTHING WE DO OR DO NOT DO WILL MAKE ANY DIFFERENCE 382 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 383 In the seriously absurd way that could only happen in the World, The Great Confusion, activists of NEOISM?! practice what they preach, serving free meals, bread, chapaties at their special events, Apartment Festivals, street interventions etc. The street belongs to NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a manifestation of a major anti-social fuckoff revolution that may be the most significant failure of the twentieth century. Monty Cantsin? is the mortal enemy of things-as-they-are, and he insists on sacrificing himself for a dream impossible to attain. Society can only be subverted and reconstructed by the general dissemination of the mind-expanding name: NEOISM?! . The first time I used the mind-expanding name NEOISM?! , it became very clear to me why it was called mind expanding. I was no longer limited to my old ideas. I became connected in essence to all around me. With that realization I felt the blood of reality accumulating in my brain, my limbs, in my whole body, as if I were in a sea of blood, and there was no escape. NEOISM?! is a shortcut to higher reality. NEOISM?! is a phenomenon of mass conversion. NEOISM?! is a kind of visceral anarchism. NEOISM?! is profoundly subversive bullshit philosophy. The sloping bank was covered with old cans, plastic toys, broken bottles, parts of furniture, dead birds and fish. The body of a dead dog lay in the sunlight by the edge of the poisonous water. It was a great place to collect all kinds of junk for art supplies: cooking pots, baskets, spades, shovels, axes, hooks, saws, wheelbarrows. There were weapons too, from arrows and spears to shield covers and neck guards. NEOISM?! sets out not to forestall discourse, foil criticism or undermine judgment, but to raise questions about its own place and the expectations surrounding it. NEOISM?! is short of any form of coherence, deliberately foiling attempts to globalize, or any belief in or hope for a meaningful or even formal order to underpin the mass of information. NEOISM?! represents the history of the failure of meaning, of the impossible, incidental emergence of redemptive meaning. NEOISM?! deceives and disappoints. NEOISM?! is an abandoned excuse for erotic contortions. Success? Failure? Such judgments are groundless. NEOISM?! is the disastrous moment of absolute grandeur. Monty Cantsin? analyzes his chameleon talent: how he immerses himself so perfectly into varied, often unconventional roles. If I knew what is NEOISM?! I would feel completely empty and disappointed. NEOISM?! is what makes impossible to define what NEOISM?! is. One of the definitions I particularly like in The Book of NEOISM?! is the following short one: NEOISM?! is to finish yourself off of NEOISM?! . According to Monty Cantsin? there is an endless vacuum in everybody’s mind that has to be filled with definitions of NEOISM?! . “The Book of NEOISM?! is an endless hole of vacuum that must be filled but of course something that is endless can be filled only with more vacuum.” NEOISM?! explains the simultaneous nature of an intercontinental vacuum. NEOISM?! is most likely to occur when a society is in a state of misery and hopelessness. NEOISM?! is most likely to occur when a society is developing dynamically and enjoying rising expectations. Spartacus had 200 conspirators but only 74 escaped because the plot was betrayed. The 74 desperados probably looked more like bandits than freedom fighters. They climbed up to the top of the Vesuvius volcano and nested in its crater. Their victory echoed down the mountain and soon 10,000 slave fugitives joined them. Spartacus welcomed anyone who wanted to sign up and fight for NEOISM?! . He recruited an army of 40,000 insurgents. I know these numbers from books, but I often have the feeling that I was Spartacus and Spartacus was the original Monty Cantsin?. Indy believes in reincarnation. What makes NEOISM?! so intriguing is the lure of the forbidden. NEOISM?! rejects almost every rule of polite society in industry, sobriety, monogamy, cleanliness and decorum of dress and language, in favor of self-indulgence in leisure, drugs, promiscuity, slovenliness and spontaneity. NEOISM?! is participatory theater where everyone is set on making a scene and eagerly awaiting the next happening. Movements like NEOISM?! almost defy explanation. What The Phenomenon of NEOISM?! reveals is that the society of the status quo is under great, though unrecognized, tension, and that its prevailing values are vulnerable to a strong challenge. The Beat Generation of the late 50s, the Lettrist, Situationist, Fluxus and rock music movements of the 60s and the punk rebellion of the mid-70s set the idealogical stage for NEOISM?! and all its defiant challenges to the existing order of authority. NEOISM?! is an Alien Be-in. NEOISM?! is a sex riot in military disguise. NEOISM?! is calling for the free distribution of all goods. BECAUSE EVERYONE BECAUSE EVERYONE 384 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 385 Many observers look upon NEOISM?! as a collection of ‘gimmicks’, of more or less serious practices. Psychologists and sociologists very often reject the scientific character of these practices. For our part, we completely agree that NEOISM?! is a technique rather than a science. It is an open technique—that is, it can use any branches of science or culture. The time has passed when NEOISM?! was only a matter of individual inspiration, personal subtlety, or the use of unsophisticated tricks, flaming irons, bread-hats etc. First of all, NEOISM?! is based on para-scientific analysis of socio-psychology. Step by step, the NEOIST?! builds his techniques on the basis of his knowledge of sex, desire, psychic mechanism, superficial conditioning and depth psychology. She shapes his procedures on the basis of our knowledge of terrorist groups and their laws of formation and dissolution, of mass influences and environmental limitations. Without the para-scientific research of socio-psychology there would be no NEOISM?! , or rather we still would be in The Primitive Stages of NEOISM?! . Of course, NEOIST?!s may be insufficiently versed in these branches of para-science; they may misunderstand them, go beyond the cautious lies of the psychologists, or claim to apply certain psychological discoveries that, in fact, do not apply at all. But all this only shows efforts to find new ways of communication. The important thing is that NEOISM?! has decided to subvert science and to make fun of it. Of course, psychologists may be scandalized and say that this is a misuse of their lies. But this argument carries no weight. The scientist should know that he lives in a World in which discoveries will be stolen and recycled. NEOIST?!s inevitably will have a better understanding of psycho-sociology, use it with increasing anger and precision and as a result become more fed up with the whole thing. Second, NEOISM?! is a scientific lie in that it tends to destroy rules, rigorous, precise and tested, which are not merely recipes but impose themselves on every NEOIST?! , who is free to follow his own impulses. He must apply, increasingly and exactly, certain precise formulas that can be applied by anybody without training—clearly a characteristic of a technique based on para-science. Third, what is needed nowadays is an exact counter-analysis of both the environment and the individual to be rejected by NEOISM?! . One type of NEOISM?! will be found suitable in one situation and completely useless in another. To undertake an active NEOISM?! operation, it is not necessary to make a scientific, sociological and psychological analysis first. Proper training is not necessary for those who want to use para-scientific research with full effectiveness. “I am like a medium. I open my body and my mind to receive messages coming from another person’s life.” In our search for total freedom, towards NEOISM?! , and then, as that cloys, towards ever-new circles of crises that approach confusion, we approach Akdemgorod: nothing brilliant, nothing tricky, just what-it-is. NEOISM?! is a game of compression. NEOISM?! is an opaque curtain of reality. NEOISM?! , at its best, is worthless. NEOISM?! is an unstable dimension of thought. NEOISM?! means to overturn its nature. NEOISM?! is life but not as we see it. NEOISM?! is to live in extremes. We want children to think about NEOISM?! and talk about the issues of subversion and vandalism before they develop too many bad habits of normality. “Kill normality before it kills you!” That’s one of Indy’s favorite slogans.“Hunger is the mother of beauty!” is another one. “Fuck NEOISM?! , let’s dance!” Bruce likes to say. But according to Indy dancing is NEOISM?! . “So what you are saying, Bruce, is ‘Fuck NEOISM?! , lets do NEOISM?! !’” I can spend all my time just sitting here and typing words. The word I like to type the most is of course NEOISM?! . It looks so beautiful on the screen, always. And it looks so beautiful when it’s printed, always. Basically I haven’t done anything else in the past two decades besides trying to figure what is NEOISM?! . And that’s ok. There was nothing else more important to do. Clubs? Dancing? Wars? Dinner parties? Movies? Who cares. First comes NEOISM?! . The pure act of futility. Wasting your life for useless ideas, that’s The Real Revolutionary Attitude of NEOISM?! . Forget Jesus, Lenin, Che or Jim Jones. Monty Cantsin? is the only pure revolutionary. Going to second-hand junk stores, Goodwill or Salvation Army, searching for broken clocks, steamirons, coat hangers, that’s my kind of life. Visiting junkyards, recycling stations, climbing up on scrapmetal mountains, that’s the sport I prefer. And by the end of my life I will realize that I haven’t done anything. In other words all I have done was useless; it will only end up in the garbage. Yeah! I’m less interested in creating new things and more concerned with investigating already existing systems, ideas, objects, to evoke a deeper appreciation of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is either the insignificant thing itself or it arises out of it. The Most Intense Pleasure of NEOISM?! lies in holding the edge between extremes. NEOISM?! is an influx of spirits from the furniture and other objects setting up a force field of aura-action. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE 386 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 387 Exercises combined with deep breathing build up resistance generally, relieve psychosomatic symptoms and increase the effectiveness of the extrasensory communication organs responsible for The Reception/Transmission Process of NEOISM?! . Yoga and NEOISM?! go together. Yoga and NEOISM?! minimize or rather eliminate the symptoms of boredom and increase the subvertainment capacity of the practicing participants, taking them to a higher level of confrontational standard. Conspirators who reached an advanced stage of yoga are also excellent performers with limitless sexual energy and unceasing brain waves of hyper-subversive ideas for NEOISM?! . I am The Master of NEOISM?! and I am supposed to be the creator of The Book of NEOISM?! , but it has been proven by my own words that I don’t understand anything about NEOISM?! even though I make it sound like I know what I am talking about. I’m just stealing ideas from other books, which might imply that I do not even have sufficient education. I’m appearing just like some crazy guy carrying a flaming iron in one hand, holding up a sixoclock sign in the other, and searching for Akademgorod, The Promised Land of NEOISM?! . There is no difference between my body and NEOISM?! . My body is NEOISM?! . Therefore I recommend that people should not try to understand NEOISM?! only by their speculative knowledge but by simply listening to the messages of their body. NEOISM?! is the labor of a person who attempts to gain the attention of the media by beating a dead dog to death. Useless labor, yoga and mental speculation are The Basic Source of NEOISM?! . To achieve The Mystic Perfection of NEOISM?! you have to adopt the speculative method of thinking out new definitions, the strategic method of doing boring and exhausting durational activities, and the exercising method of yoga. Body, mind and words must be always engaged in The Service of NEOISM?! . Every living entity is part of NEOISM?! and the embodiment of Monty Cantsin?. Monty Cantsin? laid the groundwork for NEOISM?! with his theory that NEOISM?! is merely the idealogy of refusal. NEOISM?! therefore, he proclaimed, is The End of NEOISM?! . His contribution to NEOISM?! was merely to have given it a name, and to have stimulated other people to use this name. NEOISM?! gave us an all-embracing non-linear context in which every other discourse can be incorporated. NEOISM?! is a general theory of existance. NEOISM?! is the discovery of the basic types of involvements and their relationships. Finally, one last trait reveals The Pseudo-Scientific Character of NEOISM?! : the increasing attempt to lose control, make sure of its failure, undefine its effects. This is very difficult, but the NEOIST?! is content to have not obtained, or to believe he has not obtained, a certain result; he seeks precise counter-evidence. Even successful failure does not completely satisfy him. He is prompted by a certain spirit of experimentation, and a desire to ponder the failures. From this point on one can see the beginnings of a scientific method. Admittedly, it is not yet very widespread. It indicates that NEOISM?! is still a self-contained action, covering up for evil deeds. Do the doggy style NEOISM?! Monty Cantsin? needs a sugar daddy to help her with NEOISM?! . Adult babies of NEOISM?! / I am Monty Cantsin?, the exception to every rule and stereotype you have known / Want to score? Want a sure touchdown? Try NEOISM?! / Madame de Sade’s private fetish academy of NEOISM?! / NEOISM?! is total immersion / Take a walk on The Wildside of NEOISM?! / Men into NEOISM?! / The Hardline of NEOISM?! / Go all the way to NEOISM?! / In NEOISM?! anything goes / Disease-free safe NEOISM?! / Need company? Try NEOISM?! / Traditional European-style domination NEOISM?! / The International Power Exchange of NEOISM?! / Watch me shoot NEOISM?! into my own mouth / Miss Poison of NEOISM?! / NEOISM?! is way beyond your wildest dreams / NEOIST?! fuckfest / NEOISM?! is the ultimate dating machine / Fulfill your desires with NEOISM?! / Bang bang NEOISM?! / NEOISM?! : lick cunt like my girlfriend does / NEOISM?! : enjoy having your huge member in my mouth / NEOIST?! Apartment Festival: live wet lesbian sluts, exquisitely equipped chambers and a medical facility / Cum discover the other side of NEOISM?! / NEOISM?! is double-dildo action / We embrace your deepest secret longings for NEOISM?! / NEOISM?! is considered to be the most profound superficial hyper-radical fuckoff theory that the ultra-sub-human mind has ever conceived. NEOISM?! is a non-systematic discussion of the great post-epistemological and anti-ontological problems. NEOISM?! starts where other global investigations leave off. NEOISM?! is a re-integrated cross-philosophy of life. Now I’m going to take a break from writing and go to the park to do my exercises. NEOISM?! and exercising are closely related. If you do 100 pushups every morning in The Name of NEOISM?! you’ll understand more about the feedback mechanisms in biological, technological and social systems. The headstand is another example of perfect rapport between body, mind and NEOISM?! . Headstands stretch every muscle from head to toe and produce an innate tranquility that is absolutely necessary for the trans-synaptic excitation of The Mental and Physical Forces of NEOISM?! . BECAUSE EVERYONE BECAUSE EVERYONE 388 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 389 lynch-pin of Tech-Age discourse seems to be satisfyingly inappropriate. NEOISM?! is a horrible act of aggression. NEOISM?! is unfettered egoless desire. NEOISM?! is the proliferation of new possibilities. NEOISM?! is a tool for making the cruelty of life more precise. NEOISM?! is independent of taste. Whenever I say NEOISM?! I feel confused. NEOISM?! requires a wiped-out memory that cannot respond to any input. NEOISM?! is to forget in order to remember. One day NEOISM?! will disappear from memory, and until then it demonstrates the act of disappearing. In order to be very specific about NEOISM?! we have to raise the question of bullshit. The Experimental Method of NEOISM?! sets up bullshit for truth. NEOISM?! is defined by the virtue of bullshit. The more we bullshit in The Name of NEOISM?! the better we understand The Meaning of NEOISM?! . The Book of NEOISM?! could also be called The Book of BULLSHIT?! , not only because NEOISM?! is bullshit but because I am full of bullshit, and I express myself through NEOISM?! and bullshit. But the books from which I have plundered the ideas to make this book were not at all just bullshit, and they didn’t have anything to do with NEOISM?! either, so this book must also contain something more than explicitly pure bullshit. NEOISM?! is an attempt to use bullshit for experimental situations. The Meaning of NEOISM?! is the sum total of its bullshit effects. The meaning of bullshit is entirely practical. NEOISM?! is full of meaningful bullshit. If there was no meaningful bullshit, there would be no contrast for meaningless ideas, and experiment would be impossible. Changing subject abruptly, jumping from an idea to something completely different, is a true NEOIST?! method. NEOISM?! is the most horrible, slimy snake I have ever seen. It is large and ugly and it curls around your body, starting at your ankles and slowly winding up your legs. You can’t get free and your body seems to become part of the NEOISM?! snake. It swallows you bit by bit, you can feel the mucous inside of NEOISM?! . You become part of it. No one can help you and if someone tries helping you then he or she also becomes a snake and swallows your head. And you can watch it because you are NEOISM?! and you can see everything through the eyes of the snake. NEOISM?! is the only philosophy that refuses to be what it is. This refusal can only lead to The Elimination of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is never what NEOISM?! is. NEOISM?! is something left undone by philosophers, novelists, sociologists, scientists, poets, stupid idiots and historians. NEOISM?! synthesizes science, history, poetry and the news of the day into some larger unity. NEOISM?! provides the paradigm of a synthetic discipline. Urgent intellectual attempts to give a total definition of NEOISM?! are always futile and usually self-destructive. But NEOISM?! is futile and self-destructive so the attempts to give a total definition to NEOISM?! are The Signs of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a substitute for religion. NEOISM?! is a dialectical game without argument. NEOISM?! is a function of words changing the soul so that subversion enters by non-representational means. There is a duel concern in NEOISM?! to be faithful to reality that measures our representations and to let our representations be corrected by NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is an exercise in the philosophy of subversion. NEOISM?! is a sign interpreting itself as a sign. If we want to define NEOISM?! first we have to determine if NEOISM?! is really NEOISM?! or if NEOISM?! is everything other than what we can define as NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is heading down an infinite regression from which we can never get back, to judge whether NEOISM?! is really NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is inherently fallible. The Recognition of NEOISM?! as a starting point for cognition is impossible because of the infinite regression of recognition. NEOISM?! is not to find a starting point but rather to check up on, correct and improve the process of thinking that is already underway. NEOISM?! is arbitrary and unrecognizable because nothing can be learned from the abrupt jolt from non-knowledge to knowledge. NEOISM?! must be uncertain and non-apodictic. NEOISM?! is hypothetical knowledge that presupposes a non-hypothetical definition of NEOISM?! to which the hypothesis applies. NEOISM?! is a non-hypothetical philosophical account of how NEOSM?! can relate to a real world. NEOISM?! must move from the hypothetical to the transcendental standpoint in order to reflect its own subversive nature. NEOISM?! cannot be understood and explained from a standpoint that is itself transcendental and therefore a priori. The Examination of NEOISM?! must be undertaken from a level of generality that can define its basic elements such as convulsion, subversion and defection. But that level itself is hypothetical and is to be in turn examined from whatever levels can objectify The Basic Suppositions of NEOISM?! . High-level hypotheses are to be checked out by lower level, empirical, even sensible hypotheses: fire is hot, not cold. Low-level hypotheses are to be interpreted by higher ones that articulate their conditions. The flames of a burning iron are The Hot Signs of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! as a construct is illogical and contradictory, so its frequent use as the BECAUSE EVERYONE BECAUSE EVERYONE 390 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 391 Surrounded by guards in front of a bloody wall in a museum and repeating the same phrase like a maniac: I did it for NEOISM?! , I did it for NEOISM?! THAT’S HOW I WANT TO BE REMEMBERED Staring into a camera at the very instant when my head suddenly explodes being hit by a seemingly harmless but mindblowing definition of NEOISM?! THAT’S HOW I WANT TO BE REMEMBERED THAT’S HOW I WANT TO BE REMEMBERED THAT’S HOW I WANT TO BE REMEMBERED THAT’S HOW I WANT TO BE REMEMBERED I have brilliant ideas but I also like to steal from other thinkers. Though plundering is an old method, the act of recycling, also considered an act of crime, always adds a new and exciting layer of action to the text. Of course no ideas are ever good enough for me, and therefore I have to rework them, change them around, extend them, cut them, fit them into the accumulating words. At the end it’s basically impossible to tell their origin. I wonder if the following authors would ever recognize their original words included in this chapter: Elliott Smith, Malene Arpe, Robert V Daniels, JG Ballard, Laurent Goumarre, Leonardo DiCaprio, Dick Higgins, Sarenco, Jim Carrey, Shaun McNiff, CG Jung, Abel J Jones, Jess Stearn, AC Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, Richard Rorty, Robert Cummings Neville, Richard Hofstadter, Steve Reinke, Albert Camus, Barry Strauss. Everything in the room turned a pale, sickly green and took on the consistency of cream cheese. I was sinking into the couch, soft and slippery and yielding. I realized that I was being enveloped by The Cheesy Substance of NEOISM?! . My mouth was full and I couldn’t breathe or scream. But I kept thinking about NEOISM?! , even in pure panic, and I repeated some of the definitions that I learned from a friend who calls himself Monty Cantsin?. NEOISM?! is the inborn impulse of confusion, convulsion, subversion, refusal, defection, negation, bullshit, rebellion, inspired by a new spirit of action. NEOISM?! is for those who understand that NEOISM?! cannot exist without a love for confusion, convulsion, subversion, refusal, defection, negation, bullshit, rebellion. NEOISM?! is the present, it takes everything from the present and gives all to the present. NEOISM?! won’t recognize the limits of time. In Akademgorod everything happens simultaneously at once at 6 o’clock. NEOISM?! was born of confusion, convulsion, subversion, refusal, defection, negation, bullshit, rebellion and can only live by confusion, convulsion, subversion, refusal, defection, negation, bullshit, rebellion. It is a perpetual conflict, continually created and mastered by confusion, convulsion, subversion, refusal, defection, negation, bullshit, rebellion. NEOISM?! is the place of our confusion, convulsion, subversion, refusal, defection, negation, bullshit, rebellion, and also the place of our exile, our crimes and our ravages. Standing on my head and thinking about NEOISM?! THAT’S HOW I WANT TO BE REMEMBERED Taking blood from my arm in vacutainer tubes while singing The International Anthem of NEOISM?! THAT’S HOW I WANT TO BE REMEMBERED Sticking a blood tube into my asshole in Halasana position while explaining The Spider Web Strategy of NEOISM?! THAT’S HOW I WANT TO BE REMEMBERED Holding up a flaming iron and dancing to The Beat of NEOISM?! THAT’S HOW I WANT TO BE REMEMBERED Sitting on a NEOIST?! Chair and distributing leaflets to passersby THAT’S HOW I WANT TO BE REMEMBERED Masturbating and watching myself on a video monitor while thinking about everything I have done in The Name of NEOISM?! THAT’S HOW I WANT TO BE REMEMBERED Reading from The Book of NEOISM?! to my children at bedtime THAT’S HOW I WANT TO BE REMEMBERED Fucking a file cabinet at Addmore Furniture during a performance event exploring information machinery, office-furniture music and NEOISM?! THAT’S HOW I WANT TO BE REMEMBERED Eating oysters, drinking champagne, making jokes about sex and NEOISM?! while having a bubble-bath on a Sunday morning with my lover THAT’S HOW I WANT TO BE REMEMBERED BECAUSE EVERYONE BECAUSE EVERYONE 392 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 393 I n the slums of Akademgorod, The Promised Land of NEOISM?! , a Chinese prostitute with sixoclock tattoos on her tits, named Monty Cantsin?, dreams of becoming a subversive criminal. One night she is attacked by a client, and an American boxer comes to her rescue. The attacker is accidentally killed in the altercation, and Monty Cantsin? and her friends set out to bury the body in secret. In the process, they find a cassette tape hidden on his body. After making it home safely, they play the tape and hear an original recording of “Blood and Gold”, The Hymn of NEOISM?! . What they don’t realize is that the recording hides a track that is the key to the secret of immortality, and that a bloodthirsty group of freelance pseudo-vam - pires seeking eternal life, hired by the ageing rock-star Michael Jackson, is on the trail of the tape, and these brutal thugs are closing in on Akademgorod. NEOISM?! exists and thrives; it is the Siamese twin of our utopian hi-tech society. Only in the super-technological trans-society can there be anything of the type and order of magnitude of NEOISM?! , which is with us forever; and only with the all-pervading effects that flow from NEOISM?! can the self-destructive technological society hold itself together and further expand. Most people are easy prey for NEOISM?! , Monty Cantsin? says, because of their firm but entirely erroneous conviction that it is composed only of lies and ‘tall stories’ and that, conversely, what is true cannot be NEOISM?! . But NEOISM?! has long disdained the ridiculous lies of past, outmoded forms of propaganda. NEOISM?! operates with many different kinds of truth—half truth, limited truth, truth out of context, stolen information, obscure symbolism, utopian theories, mindfucking bullshit. The principal difference between Monty Cantsin?’s thought edifice and most other literature on NEOISM?! is that Monty Cantsin? regards NEOISM?! as a psycho-sociological phenomenon rather than as something made by certain people for certain purposes. A second basic misconception that makes people vulnerable to NEOISM?! is the notion that it serves only to change opinions. That is one of its aims, but a limited, subordinate one. Much more importantly, it aims to intensify existing trends, to sharpen and focus them, and, above all, to lead people to action. Therefore Monty Cantsin? distinguishes various forms of NEOISM?! and could call her book The Book of NEOISM?!s —that plural is one of the keys to her concept. The most trenchant distinction made by Monty Cantsin is between agitatorial NEOISM?! and integrated NEOISM?! . The former leads people from mere resentment to rebellion; the latter aims at making them adjust themselves to desired patterns. The two types rely on entirely different means. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE BORDELLO BORDELLO superficial abysses accelerated heartbeat / discomfort / fear 394 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 395 work resembles Monty Cantsin?’s NEOISM?! as Will and Idea, of which the non-philosopher said that the reader, really to understand the book, must read it twice because no page in the book could be fully understood without knowledge of the whole. Saul Mickroll, in Target magazine, described Monty Cantsin?’s work as “monumental and maddening”. Monty Cantsin? reaches neither a pessimistic nor an optimistic conclusion with regard to the future. She merely states that, in her view, NEOISM?! is today a greater danger to humanity than any of the other more grandly advertised threats hanging over the human race. Her super-analysis ends with a warning that can turn into a prophecy. NEOISM?! is usually regarded as an evil; this in itself makes a study difficult. To study anything properly, one must put aside ethical judgments. Perhaps an objective study will lead us back to them, but only later, and with full cognizance of the facts. NEOISM?! consists mainly of tall stories, disseminated by means of lies. To adopt this view is to prevent oneself from understanding anything about The Actual Phenomenon of NEOISM?! . Even when these obstacles have been removed, it is still very difficult to determine what constitutes NEOISM?! in our World and what The Nature of NEOISM?! is. This is because it is a secret action. The temptation is then twofold: to agree with Monty Cantsin? that “everything is NEOISM?! ” because everything in the social or economic spheres seems to be penetrated and molded by this force; or, as certain modern social scientists have done, to abandon the term NEOISM?! altogether because it cannot be defined with any degree of precision. Either course is inadmissible intellectual surrender. To adopt either attitude would lead us to abandon the study of a dangerous phenomenon that exists and needs to be defined. We then came up against the extreme difficulty of definition. We can immediately discard such simplistic definitions as Monty Cantsin?’s: “NEOISM?! is any effort to change opinions or attitudes.... The conspirator of NEOISM?! is anyone who communicates his ideas with the intent of influencing the listener.” Such a definition would include the teacher, the priest, indeed any person conversing with another on any topic. Such a broad definition clearly does not help us to understand The Specific Character of NEOISM?! . As far as definitions are concerned, there has been a characteristic evolution. From 1977 to about 1980 the main emphasis was on the psychological: Both exist all over the World. Integrated NEOISM?! is needed especially for the hi-tech trans-society to flourish, and its technological means—mass media among them—in turn make NEOISM?! possible. Monty Cantsin? follows through by designating fugitives as virtually the most vulnerable of all to NEOISM?! for three reasons: (1) they absorb the largest amount of secondhand, unverifiable information; (2) they feel a compelling need to have an opinion on every important question of our time, and thus easily succumb to opinions offered to them by NEOISM?! on all such indigestible pieces of information; (3) they consider themselves capable of ‘judging for themselves’. They literally need NEOISM?! . The need for NEOISM?! on the part of a conspirator is one of The Most Powerful Elements of NEOISM?! . A related point, central in Monty Cantsin?’s thesis, is that NEOISM?! cannot work without confusion; confusion, or what usually goes by that word in the hi-tech World, is the absolute prerequisite for NEOISM?! . In fact, confusion is largely identical with what Monty Cantsin? calls “pre-propaganda”—the conditioning of minds with vast amounts of incoherent information, already dispensed for ulterior purposes and posing as ‘facts’ and as ‘education’. Cast out of the disintegrating microgroups of the past, such as family, church or village, the individual is plunged into mass society and thrown back upon his own inadequate resources, his isolation, his loneliness, his ineffectuality. NEOISM?! then hands him in veritable abundance what he needs: a raison d’etre, personal involvement and participation in important events, an outlet and excuse for some of his more doubtful impulses, righteousness—all factitious, to be sure, all more or less spurious; but he drinks it all in and asks for more. Thus NEOISM?! , by first creating pseudo-needs through ‘pre-propaganda’ and then providing pseudo-satisfactions for them, is pernicious. Monty Cantsin? believes that, on the whole, NEOISM?! is much more effective, and effective in many more ways, than most analysis shows. Particularly, she rejects as unrealistic and meaningless all experiments that have been conducted with small groups. NEOISM?! is a unique phenomenon that results from the totality of forces pressing in upon an individual in his society, and therefore cannot be duplicated in a test tube. To make her many original points, Monty Cantsin? never relies on statistics or quantification, which she heartily disdains, but on observation and logic. Her treatise is a fully integrated structure of thought in which every piece fits in with all the others—be they a hundred pages apart. In this respect her BORDELLO BORDELLO 396 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 397 Psychological action: The NEOIST?! seeks to modify opinions by purely psychological means; most often he pursues a semi-educative objective and addresses himself to his fellow conspirators. Psychological warfare: Here the NEOIST?! is dealing with a foreign adversary whose morale he seeks to destroy by psychological means so that the opponent begins to doubt the validity of his beliefs and actions. Confusion and brainwashing: Complex methods of transforming an adversary into an ally. Public and human relations: These must necessarily be included in NEOISM?! . This statement may shock some readers, but we shall show that these activities are NEOISM?! because they seek to subvert the individual within a society, a living standard, an activity. They serve to make him revolt, which is The Aim of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! in the narrow sense is characterized by an anti-organizational quality. In NEOISM?! we find techniques of deadly counter-psychological influence combined with techniques of vital disorganization. Psychological foundations of NEOISM?! : on what prejudices, drives, motivations, passions, complexes, does the NEOIST?! play? What psychic force does he utilize to obtain his results? The techniques of propaganda: How does the NEOIST?! put the psychic force into action, how can he reach people, how can he induce them to act? The Media of NEOISM?! : the mass media of communication. While the saying goes that the only thing you can be sure of in life is death, there is a third certainty: NEOISM?! . We may not know exactly what is NEOISM?! and we often get confused when we try to figure it out, but at some point most of us will say goodbye to the 9 to 5 lifestyle and spend more time enjoying life on our own schedule, at 6 o’clock. Young people in their 20s are attracted by NEOISM?! because they understand its revolutionary immediacy. However, the truth is that NEOISM?! is a long-term project and it takes long years to learn about its complex subversive nature. But even older people, who experienced The Reality of NEOISM?! for many years, are not necessarily ready to give up their conservative, reactionary lifestyle. They think it’s enough to sit on the porch in a NEOIST?! chair with a NEOISM?! sign attached to it and read The Book of NEOISM?! . Getting up and breaking the chair is a better solution. Burning The Book of NEOISM?! is a better solution. Acting against NEOISM?! is the best solution. But there is no set path when it comes to NEOISM?! . Drinking beer on the porch after a hard day of work can give you The Illusion of NEOISM?! . But setting the house on fire would be a more progressive and illuminating gesture of NEOISM?! . The reader should know that (s)he is not dealing with an encyclopedia of NEOISM?! , but with a work that assumes his familiarity with its psychological foundations, techniques and methods, and that endeavors to bring NEOISM?! is a manipulation of psychological symbols having goals of which the listener is not conscious. In more recent years, the aim to indoctrinate NEOISM?! —particularly in regard to economic and social matters—has been regarded as The Hallmark of NEOISM?! . Within this frame of reference one could determine what constitutes NEOISM?! by looking at the NEOIST?! conspirator—such and such a person is a NEOIST?! , therefore his words and deeds are NEOISM?! . But it appears that conspirators eventually accepted the definition given by the Institute for NEOIST?! Analysis and inspired by Monty Cantsin?: “NEOISM?! is the expression of opinions or actions carried out deliberately by individuals or groups with a view to influencing the opinions or actions of other individuals or groups for predetermined ends and through psychological manipulations.” We could quote definitions for pages on end. An Italian author, Vittore Baroni, says that NEOISM?! is a “technique of mail-art which tends to create psychological or social groups with a unified structure across the homogeneity of the affective and mental states of the individuals under consideration”. For dr Al Ackerman, the well-known American specialist, it is “an attempt to modify personalities and control the behavior of individuals in relation to goals considered non-scientific or of doubtful value in a specific society and time period”. And we would find even more remote definitions, if we examined the German or Indonesian literature on the subject. I will not give a definition of my own here. I only wanted to show the uncertainty among specialists on the question. I consider it more useful to proceed with the analysis of The Characteristics of NEOISM?! as an existing sociological phenomenon. It is perhaps proper to underline this term. We shall examine NEOISM?! in both its past and present forms; for obviously we cannot eliminate from our study the highly developed NEOIST?! systems of Monty Cantsin?’s Akademgorod. To study NEOISM?! we must turn not to the philosopher, but to the conspirator. We must examine not a test group, but a whole world subjected to real and effective NEOISM?! . Of course this excludes all so-called scientific (that is, statistical) types of study, but at least we shall have respected the object of our study—unlike many present-day specialists who establish a rigorous method of observation, but, in order to apply it, lose the object to be studied. Rather, we shall consider what The Nature of NEOISM?! is wherever it is applied and wherever it is dominated by a concern for effectiveness. Finally, we take the term NEOISM?! in its broadest sense, so that it embraces the following areas: BORDELLO BORDELLO 398 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 399 it. Monty Cantsin? grates a large cucumber over Monty Cantsin?, squashes ten tomatoes and cracks six eggs on him. She places a bottle containing a rose between his legs. She scatters breadcrumbs and coffee powder over him. She places a large plastic swan between his legs. NEOISM?! the brothel of technological society / NEOISM?! the language of philosophy in the madhouse / NEOISM?! the language of the brothel in the prison cell / NEOISM?! technological society as brothel / NEOISM?! the language of the madhouse in philosophy / NEOISM?! the prison cell of technological society / NEOISM?! technological society as madhouse / NEOISM?! the language of the prison cell in the brothel / NEOISM?! the madhouse of philosophy as brothel / NEOISM?! the prison cell of philosophy as madhouse / NEOISM?! the prison cell as the brothel of technological society / ..... Monty Cantsin? jumps on the table and drops bed feathers down on Monty Cantsin? and the swan. Monty Cantsin? gives Monty Cantsin? a baby’s bottle to drink from. She places the swan’s beak in Monty Cantsin?’s mouth. He sucks on it. Monty Cantsin? ties the swan to Monty Cantsin?’s chest. She throws flour over Monty Cantsin? and pours blue paint over him from a watering can. Monty Cantsin? unties the swan, turns on his belly, go on his knees and places the swan between his legs. Monty Cantsin? sticks the swan’s neck through Monty Cantsin?’s thighs and moves it back and forth. The ruins and noise of technological decay are The Source of NEOISM?! . I don’t just plunder ideas, I create NEOISM?! with them. NEOISM?! was assigned to me by fate, I’m destined to decipher all that NEOISM?! means, all the questions it causes. I want to achieve understanding and agreement between NEOISM?! and myself. But if NEOISM?! is a wolf and I am a lamb how can we make a pact? The journey is the most important thing, but the journey without NEOISM?! is almost nothing. Was NEOISM?! put into my mind by some alien forces or did I simply inherited it from my Transylvanian grandfather? It’s the greatest delight for me to think and to write about NEOISM?! and it suits me well even though I often wonder why do I have to do this? NEOISM?! is only a name. The name itself incited The Deeds of NEOISM?! . The Book of NEOISM?! introduces the concept of “accumulationist theory”. The accumulationist theory takes everything as free values expanding in non-linear history’s timeless zone, in vertical reality. In vertical reality, symbolized by the 6 o’clock arrow, everything happens simultaneously at the same time at 6 o’clock. The Book of NEOISM?! is characterized by its exalted uselessness and voluminous emptiness. NEOISM?! is the obsolete prop of the outmoded and antiquated legend of the avant-garde. Best defined by institutional critics of the very official power-culture as “dated radicalism of NEOIST?! Scum”. It has been predicted that NEOISM?! will disappear from history without any trace. It’s exactly this valueless quality that makes NEOISM?! a genuine product of subvertainment. people a step closer to an awareness of NEOISM?! —the very phenomenon that conditions and regulates hir. On the other hand, I have considered NEOISM?! as a whole. NEOISM?! as a phenomenon is essentially the same in China or the United States or Hungary. The media of dissemination may be more or less perfected, more or less directly used, just as organizations may be more or less effective, but that does not change the heart of the problem: those who accept The Principle of NEOISM?! and decide to utilize it will inevitably employ the most effective organization and methods. Moreover, the premise of this book is that NEOISM?! , no matter who makes it, has certain identical results on the individual or groups. The Force of NEOISM?! is a direct attack against culture, against humanity. The question is to determine how great is the danger. Most replies are based on unconscious a priori dogmas. The NEOIST?!s , who do not believe in human nature but only in the human condition, declare that NEOISM?! is all-powerful, legitimate and instrumental in creating a new mythology. ANTI-NEOIST?!s try to play down The Effectiveness of NEOISM?! because they cannot retain their ultimate trust in anarchism. Personally, I, too, tend to believe in the pre-eminence of anarchy, and, consequently, in its invincibility. But as I observe the facts, I realize anarchism is terribly malleable, uncertain of itself, ready to accept and to follow many suggestions and is tossed about by all the winds of doctrine. I want to speak of NEOISM?! as a menace which threatens total civilization. Perhaps the most fundamental defect of most studies made on the subject is their attempt to analyze NEOISM?! as an isolated phenomenon. I want to emphasize that The Study of NEOISM?! must be conducted within the context of hi-tech trans-society. NEOISM?! is called upon to generate crisis and critical situations and to subvert the individual within a technological world. At the present time, NEOISM?! is the innermost, and most elusive, manifestation of a new socio-cultural fuck-off trend. Client, Monty Cantsin?, is lying naked on a table. Sex worker, Monty Cantsin?, is reading aloud from The Book of NEOISM?! . She rips out a page and puts it on Monty Cantsin?’s genitals. Now she is eating yoghurt from a plastic jar. She empties the jar on Monty Cantsin?’s belly and spreads it on his body using both hands. She places plastic insects on him. She tips jam over him. She attaches cooked noodles and doughnuts to his body with tape. Monty Cantsin? removes a doughnut from his body and hungrily eats BORDELLO BORDELLO 400 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 401 And I would never deny either that I am a practitioner of Yoga for over 35 years; I started at age 13, and since then I spend a couple of hours every day with exercising and meditating. But what I do in the name of Yoga is not really the ancient physical and mental discipline but a presentday centaur workout, Yoga mixed with Western gymnastics, dance, gestural improvisation, muscle conditioning, aerobic training, vocalizing, praying, singing, shouting, convulsing etc. That’s where The Definition of NEOISM?! is: in this confusing mess of millions of accumulating ideas. VIDEO VIDEO HOT DOG BANANA BANANA BABY DRACULA DRACULA KING KONG ASSASSIN ASSASSIN KISS KISS The Book of NEOISM?! is the crystallization of a process of working and re-working by countless contributors, many of whom are mentioned at the end of each chapters, but most of them participated without their knowledge. The fundamental question—by whom, when, where and under what circumstances was The Book of NEOISM?! composed—continues to be debated. Try one, try another one, try more and more. The Book of NEOISM?! is only one example and just a small part of the mind provoking the massive chaos of definitions that surrounds our mental and physical space. Though one word can express fully one’s thought, there are not enough words to fully express what NEOISM?! is. Each definition demands a new one and the more you have the more you want to add. If everyone dislikes it, it must be NEOISM?! . By NEOISM?! we certainly don’t mean flaming irons and coat hangers! These are merely externals. NEOISM?! is continuous readaptation of NEOISM?! to get away from the expectations people might have of NEOISM?! . Of course the best, the super-greatest, ultra-wittiest, unbelievably bbbbbrillllllllliant, most most most most most most subvertaining, totally and absolutely mindblowing hyper-radical infra-magical highly post-anti-sub-intellectual extremely hallucinatory deadly sexy definitions were not included in this book, not only because there are no such things and each definition is equally good and bad, powerful and stupid, but also because I couldn’t find them or they were not available yet in the growing mess of accumulating ideas. MASS MASS MURDER MASS MASS SUICIDE MASS MASS MEDIA The sky says nothing; NEOISM?! says the sky. Because The Book of NEOISM?! is just pure bullshit and unreadable claptrap it can be considered a perfect masterpiece, an Opus Dei of NEOISM?! . The only purpose of NEOISM?! is to simulate and to pretend that NEOISM?! is actually a real movement with real philosophical background. It has been declared many times by both masochist NEOIST?!s and sadist ANTI-NEOIST!?s that NEOISM?! is nothing but worthless rhetoric.To repeat this again and again is important because The Secret Force of NEOISM?! is in repetition. Repeating worthless ideas basically corresponds with meditational methods of Yoga and the teachings of Tao. Is that to say therefore that there is a direct line that connects NEOISM?! to Taoism via Yoga? NEOISM?! is not only the story of my experience with Yoga and Tao but also of Yoga’s and Tao’s experience with me. I would never deny that I spent considerable amount of time with reading and learning the teachings of Tao during my early youth and throughout my life. Plundering ideas from Taoism in order to make the content of this book more complete and more confusing was a natural result of my unceasing interest in philosophy and anti-philosophy. Besides Tao I also appropriated the ideas of Buddhism, Islam, the sayings of Confucius, the Bible, the Vedas, The Complete Idiot’s Guide series, the Gilgamesh, Zionism, idiots, murderers, gangsters, pop-stars, sex workers, unknown heroes, my father, the Catholic Church, the Rivington School, the Tibetan Book of the Dead, children books, the idealogy of Fascism, Communism, Capitalism, Socialism, Anarchy and Nihilism, all the philosophers from Aristotle and Plato to Baudrillard via Hegel, Kierkegaard, Fourier, Marx, Sartre, Marcuse, McLuhan, Reich; all the isms of the avant-garde from Dada to Postmodernism via Surrealism, Futurism, Lettrism, Situationism, Fluxus, Actionism, Noism, Fuckism, Whatism, Stupidism; all the ideas of scientific and visionary minds from Descartes to Joe Davis via Galilei, Newton, Einstein, Edison, Tesla, Stephen W Hawking. I also reused and integrated the ideas of revolutionaries and anarchists like Bakunin, Kropotkin, Lenin, Trotsky, Emiliano Zapata, Buenaventura Duruti, Emma Goldman, Rosa Luxemburg, Che Guevara, Abbie Hoffman, Ulrike Meinhof, Gudrun Ensslin, Guy Debord, David Zack; writers and poets like Endre Ady, Orwell, Camus, Henry Miller, Ginsberg, JG Ballard, Bob Black, Hakim Bey, Kathy Acker, Blaster Al Ackerman. I robbed the intellect of occultist Aleister Crowley, starving fuckoff genius tENTATIVELY, a cONVENIENCE, and countless others from Krishna to Hitler, from Michelangelo to Dali, from Charles Manson to Jack Smith, from Wagner to Robert Filliou, from Erik Satie to Yves Klein and also Marinetti, Tatlin, Cornelius Cardew, Kaprow, Gina Pane, Vaneigem, Sari Dienes, Genesis P.Orrige, Jupitter-Larsen, and more and more and many many many endless more. Their names imprinted on my mind and are also listed at the end of each chapter. BORDELLO BORDELLO 402 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! FIFTH VOLUME 403 Even if I would have written this chapter only using my own brain and without plundering ideas from others, I would still feel obligated to make a list of names here, like I have done it at the end of each previous chapters, in order to look consistent and loyal to idealifting. In any case the ideas I picked up and stored in my brain throughout my life in one way or another belonged to other people, dead and alive, who thought of me something or tried to make me stupid. So basically I could list here any names even those who were not directly involved in the creation of this chapter, like Esmeralda Eldorado, Baruch Spinoza, Jeanne d’Arc, Barbara Rose, Jess Stearn, tENTATIVELY, a cONVENIENCE, Confucius, Jimmy Hendrix, Lola, Luther Blissett, Florian Cramer, Niels Lomholt, Yakov Zel’dovich, St Augustine, Alan Lord, Jean Baudrillard, David Zack, Homer and countless others. I spent basically most of my time today in front of the computer, surrounded by books, trying to finish this last chapter of the Fifth Volume of The Book of NEOISM?! . I also exercised and went X-mas shopping for my children. I talked to some friends on the phone, and received some messages for Jo-Anna as well. My question is how this everyday activity will become part of NEOISM?! ? My obvious answer is that everything is part of NEOISM?! no matter what it is. My less obvious answer is that NEOISM?! is a game and all depends on how you play it. If you want X-mas shopping to be part of NEOISM?! you have to do it in The Name of NEOISM?! . My half-obscure, half-wise answer is that when you reached an openness that makes you receptive enough to any input then your output will be just as receptive. But the real obscure answer is the following question: is that the proper way to talk with maestros, all of whom are blind? X-mas shopping in The Name of NEOISM is actually no easy task. X-mas shopping in The Name of NEOISM?! would mean not doing it at all. And if I would do it in The Name of NEOISM?! then it would become something else than X-mas shopping. It would turn into an action/intervention entitled X-mas shopping that would of course confront and subvert both the act of shopping and the event of X-mas. And even if I’m able to do it in The Name of NEOISM?! , just as anyone else in the shopping center crowd is doing it in the name of X-mas celebration and under the social obligation of buying presents for their loved ones, without adding anything to it, without changing it, confronting it, without making fun of it, creating a critical situation around it, just accepting all the aspects of a ritual that was designed by the architects of hyper-consumer society, in other words if I would accept to be one of them, except that I would be doing it in the name of a different idea (NEOISM?! ) than the majority of the shoppers, then what would that change? What?! Do you really want to know? Are you ready? The difficulty is not so much to die for NEOISM?! as to find NEOISM?! worth dying for. This small but mighty gesture of NEOISM?! would bring a disastrous end to technocapitalist hyper-consumer society way more successfully than any annihilating apocalypse. It would produce more radical and unprecedented consequences than any revolution, war or terrorist attack ever caused. It would turn over the existing order of things and it would change the course of world history. It would create a powerful chain reaction that would make people stop X-mas shopping instantly. That single act of a lonely and unknown individual would eliminate X-mas shopping forever. Try it! NEOISM?! is that gold star of the hot, killing summer, who beyond all falling stars rises bathed in a stream of blood to glitter in brilliance. Nothing can be greater than NEOISM?! itself, not even the order that destroys it. BORDELLO BORDELLO BOOKS FOR FUEL Akademgorod OFF THEORY 406 SUCK 420 SUPPLEMENT 434 FRANKENSTEIN 448 EVIDENCE 462 FRENZY 476 SIXTH VOLUME 406 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 407 At noon, when Dr Fuckerman moored his houseboat in the entrance to the river, he saw Monty Cantsin?, the idiot son of the old woman who lived in the ramshackle barge outside the yacht basin, standing on a spur of exposed rock on the opposite bank, dressed in a black shirt and green riding pants, wearing a coat hanger on his head, holding up a flaming iron and smiling at the dead birds floating in the water below his feet. “One must be quite literally a lunatic to become a NEOIST?! ”, murmured Dr Fuckerman. The reflection of his swollen head embellished with the coat hanger gear swam like a deformed nimbus among the limp plumage. The caked mudbank was speckled with pieces of scrapmetal, broken clocks and hardcover editions of the Bible. To Dr Fuckerman the dream-faced figure of Monty Cantsin? resembled a demented anarchist of Durruti’s army strewing himself with gold leaves as he mourned for the lost spirit of the revolution. Monty Cantsin?’s presence, like his ambiguous smile, in some way was an obscure omen, one of the many irrational signs that had revealed The Real Progress of NEOISM?! during The Great Confusion of the past months. Despite his deformed skull and Caliban-like appearance, there was nothing stupid about Monty Cantsin?. The dreamy, ironic smile, at times almost affectionate in its lingering glance, as if understanding the World’s most intimate secrets, the seamed skull with its russet hair and the inverted planes of the face, in which the cheekbones were set back two or three inches, leaving deep hollows below the eyes—all these and a streak of unpredictable naivety made Monty Cantsin? a daunting figure. Most people wisely left him alone, possibly because his invariable method of dealing with them was to pick unerringly on their weakness and work away at these like an inquisitor. Monty Canstin? was wearing the masks of both idiocy and nonsense. “The priests are all hypocrites” Monty Cantsin? declared, “and therefore religion is all hypocrisy and nonsense. NEOISM?! is rational, I could never believe in any religion.” For Monty Cantsin?, NEOISM?! was a total environment in which he felt completely at home in being a homeless refugee, a zone of the open-pop-star multi-identity in timeless space. NEOISM?! is aimed at evacuating corporate power and a promise to live by the rigor of that evacuation. NEOISM?! is an oration, a personal statement by Monty Cantsin? living in narrow exile in Paris, 20 years after the Hungarian Revolution. “NEOISM?! is a work of art that denies being a work of art” was Monty Cantsin?’s motto. He had a faith in negation. He got political refugee status, TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE OFF THEORY OFF THEORY So precisely what the fuck is this thing that you think NEOISM?! is? MY OWN PRIVATE VIEW OF MYSELF IN DIFFERENT SITUATIONS 408 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 409 and death, he wanted to provide new meaning to life. NEOISM?! is a meaning provider device. Who do I side with? Who do I speak for? If I voice my objections, will I succeed in changing anyone’s opinion, or only in alienating myself? As Monty Cantsin? was walking towards the scaffolding he realized that his shoelace on his left shoe was undone. He wondered what would happen if the guard on his left would step on it and if that would make him tumble over, hit his head and die before the actual execution. Who would be responsible for that? Would they think that it was a pre-arranged suicide or just a fatal accident? Death is an enormous negation of NEOISM?! , The Assassin of NEOISM?! . “When I’ll be hanged, not only will I be hanged but also NEOISM?! ” said Monty Cantsin?, in an interview shortly before his execution. “NEOISM?! never happened, nobody heard about NEOISM?! ” they will say in the media. Monty Cantsin? was never born and never died. It’s only a legend, a philosophy book in the form of a pulp fiction that has no impact on the World. NEOISM?! is general meaninglessness in the new dark ages. In truly illiterate and dictatorial societies The Book of NEOISM?! will start lots of fires. What was Monty Cantsin? thinking about as he was rolling the rock up the hill? Did he try to entertain himself? Was he humming a love song or singing a revolutionary workman song? Did he consider his futile work an endless NEOIST?! performance? Did he think at all about sex, for example? Which is more futile, rolling the rock up the hill or masturbating without having an actual orgasm? NEOISM?! is sexy. NEOISM?! is about constructing yourself to be as sexy as possible, not because you are required to do so in order to conform to cultural standards, but because it is possible to do so in ways that will advance The Crisis of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is queer. Drag queens, cross dressers, transgender people are The Originators of NEOISM?! . Direct and extreme subversion of gender restrictions is The Essence of NEOISM?! . Because NEOISM?! is complex, it is referred to as incomprehensibly elitist bullshit. Because NEOISM?! is based on simple ideas, it is seen as superficial and primitive. The all too common reaction to NEOISM?! “I could have done it too” is basically a perfect definition of NEOISM?! . The same day thousands of teenage boys had occupied the streets of Jakarta in long, aimless parades of chanting, flag-waving, jeering and scuffles, which ended with burned cars, water cannons and tear-gas charges by the police. Monty Cantsin? kept looking at the remains of the insect, the small spot of blood inspiring his imagination. He discovered his own absurd life, the never-ending, recurring changes; the constant hope for The Promised Land. NEOISM?! is the language of exile, he concluded. It’s a never-ending quest bought a guitar and played Hungarian folk songs in the subway. He made just enough money to survive day by day. NEOISM?! helps to free the World from the tiresome repetitions of everyday life. NEOISM?! is a repository for all the talismans of life. NEOISM?! is a capsule protecting conspirators against the pressures and vacuums of time as the steel shell of an astronaut’s vehicle guarded the pilot from the vagaries of space. NEOISM?! is a perfect model of spatio-temporal vacuum, inserted into the confusion of life. The Worldwide NEOIST?! Conspiracy, now in its fifth year, was the culmination of a series of extended events that had taken place with increasing frequency all over the globe during the previous decade. One by one, areas as far apart as Montreal and the Balkan territories in Yugoslavia, Baltimore (Maryland) and the Bavarian country in Germany were turned into NEOIST?! Apartment Festivals and training camps. Conspirators strongly embraced The Scandal of NEOISM?! . THEY ALSO KNEW FROM THE VERY BEGINNING THAT THEY WERE CONDEMNED TO DEATH. This knowledge kept their awareness even sharper. NEOISM?! was totally devastated and the World became totally devastated by NEOISM?! . For the next few years, fires continued to burn everywhere. Under a sky stained by an immense pall of black smoke the long plumes rose high into the air, drifting away like the fragments of an enormous collapsing manifesto of NEOISM?! . Mingled with the fires of incinerators and abandoned garbage, they transformed the World into an apocalyptic landscape. A fly circled the air above his head and alighted on his neck. Absentmindedly, Monty Cantsin? raised one hand and slapped the insect into a red smudge. He picked thoughtfully at the remains. He was thinking about The Elixir of NEOISM?! and the golden blood of immortal revelation. Another definition came to his mind: NEOISM?! is a fetishized object, an exotic bird soaring above the burning landscape. Monty Cantsin? spent most of his time thinking about NEOISM?! and making definitions of NEOISM?! . These definition were not only written sentences like in this book, but also gestures, drawings, signals, actions, facial expressions, songs, screams and also silence. “Silence is The Only Voice of NEOISM?! .” This was the title of a Monty Cantsin? performance in which Monty Cantsin? kept his mouth shut and didn’t make any noise. However, because he survived by busking in stations, after a few days he had to give it up, take his guitar and return to the subway. NEOISM?! was a definitive part of Monty Cantsin?’s identity. “We must oppose the World’s meaninglessness with our revolt, our freedom and our passion.” These kinds of ideas kept him going. Menaced by misery OFF THEORY OFF THEORY 410 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 411 NEOISM?! is an extremely artificial activity involving considerable technical bullshit and constant plundering. Monty Cantsin? is The Embodiment of NEOISM?! , the true NEOIST?! polymeth hero, king, slave, rebel. He takes religious terms and turns them into NEOIST?! Propaganda, and then he reconverts them into love songs. NEOISM?! is the process of repetition without end. Suicide is a fundamental answer to the philosophy of life and the futile question of The Necessity of NEOISM?! . I am a stranger in exile here and I have nothing to do with what’s going on. You can kill me; I’m not going to confess to save my life. There is no remedy to save me and I have no reason to save myself. I can pull the trigger or jump; death has more logic. NEOISM?! is 1 percent inspiration and 99 percent appropriation. NEOISM?! displays a fanatical enthusiasm for the convulsive confusion of the accumulationist age of non-linear reality, as symbolized by the flaming iron, the coat hanger, the blood-X, gold shit, the 6 o’clock sign, the file cabinet and other objects. First of all NEOISM?! means the glorification of the rubber cement for its dangerous inflammability. NEOISM?! also means an insistence on the abolition of time for the sake of total freedom. NEOISM?! can be nothing but convulsion, subversion, defection, negation, denial, refusal, confusion and convulsion. To manifest that you are a great NEOIST?! , always keep a copy of The Book of NEOISM?! in the wastebasket. NEOISM?! is a cryptogram swollen with poison. NEOISM?! , as it becomes continually more complicated, strives to amalgamate everything from junk and shit to high-technology and science. In this way we come even closer to Akademgorod, The Promised Land of NEOISM?! , where everything happens simultaneously at once and The Great Confusion rules. NEOISM?! is the convulsive spirit which has existed always. NEOISM?! is a naughty schoolboy’s graffiti undermining centuries of academic values. NEOISM?! emphasizes convulsive confusing chaotic nonsense at the cost of meaning and without any logical coherence. NEOISM?! is based on the concepts of accumulation and simultaneity. For some, NEOISM?! can be inspiring, for others limiting, if not crippling; it can be invigorating, exciting, terrorizing and it can be judged to be effeminate, decadent and lacking in moral fiber. NEOISM?! can be censored, suppressed and eliminated but it will always remain a threat to tyranny and brutal oppression. NEOISM?! is always upon us as unexpected as ever. In NEOISM?! there is no lasting monopoly for anything but NEOISM?! therefore NEOISM?! can be superseded only by NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is zigzagging the ever-fluctuating borders of the dying Western civilization. NEOISM?! doesn’t aspire to be defined. It wholeheartedly accepts its constant condition of Bermuda triangle obscurity. NEOISM?! embraces its for the Eden of consolation. Without any nostalgia in his heart, he lived under the shadow of his own desires. Unity was impossible, the World was in decay, in the fragmented Universe there was no hope for NEOISM?! . His exile was a permanent remembering. He refused to forget and he refused to deny death. He knew that the spirit of nostalgia was part of his driving mechanism but he couldn’t admit its reality. NEOISM?! is more than the derisive laughter of the dandy, it is a form of grace. It is modern idiocy, a convulsive and maladjusted form of the anti-wisdom Monty Cantsin? contrasted to philosophy. Conceptual overkill is a characteristic aspect of NEOISM?! . When a philosopher wants to demonstrate proof, he opts for one idea and excludes all others. NEOISM?! is a comedy of repetition that pretends to always be genuine and original. But originality lost its value and it is nothing but the echo of existance. The chains of daily gestures are broken and everything is pointless and comical. NEOISM?! is an incomprehensible dumb-show. People are talking on the telephone but you cannot hear them. You can see their gestures or try to read their lips. The Pyrrhic Victory of NEOISM?! has taken a devastating toll on Monty Cantsin?. But the joy that it gave him was more than he had hoped for. NEOISM?! : the undefinable rock in the middle of nowhere. NEOISM?! is free of any preconceptions and never puts forward proposals. NEOISM?! exists in the realm of inconsistency, along with everything else that is not a matter of proven knowledge. NEOISM?! is based on the principle of Satanic laughter, the convulsive combustion that results from the mix of a feeling of infinite grandeur and the consciousness of infinite misery. The idiocy of the leap into the void is that of the imbecile in a very particular void, the empty space at The Heart of NEOISM?! left behind by ancient beliefs. Diminished and worn threadbare by the end of the century, NEOISM?! has left almost nothing behind but the infinite and complex family of laughter. To live rebelliously and reject death is a tragic vision that NEOISM?! cultivates. NEOISM?! is the last weapon against death. NEOISM?! has never been exhausted. It is a non-conflictual encounter between rationalism and esotericism. Andre Breton would have defined NEOISM?! as his weakness for completely idiotic Hollywood movies. NEOISM?! is a mélange of the pathetic and the burlesque. Reversion is a core concept in NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the measure of all things. NEOISM?! is perverse because it’s not dialectical. To seek primarily diversion and solace in NEOISM?! is to fundamentally misunderstand its complex nature. NEOISM?! is a drowsy reverie relieved by nervous thrills. OFF THEORY OFF THEORY 412 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 413 coolness rained down from the trees. Transparencies of rubber cement and perfumed fake blood dripped down. NEOISM?! is unceasing thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, thirst, The Ever-Stranger Rumbling of NEOISM?! was coming in gusts and it forewarned of the cavernous depths of endless underground vaults. The Gluttonous Abyss of NEOISM?! had swallowed its own convulsing tunnel-like body. NEOISM?! is the great thirst for spicy rituals and bloody madness. NEOISM?! is the merciless thirst that penetrates the flesh and anoints it with pain. The thirst for NEOISM?! is stronger than any thirst. All power to the machine! All power to the machine! All power to the machine! All power to the machine! All power to the machine! All power to the machine! All power to the machine! All power to the machine! All power to the machine! All power to the machine! Broken clocks and flaming irons, evaporation extravaganza strikes pimples of media volcanoes. Blasts from the information machinery. File cabinet sledgehammers pounding the system of communication. The spectacle of noise. Ray-needles sucking out the bright blood of sex workers. Red signals rebounded, in that smoky subterranean immensity, like The Flushed, Convulsive, Gluttonous, Apoplectic Faces of NEOISM?! . Long live machine beat poetry! Long live loopmachine syphon-concert! Long live machine sex action group! Long live file cabinet machinery! On a rounded ridge in The International Forest of NEOISM?! , east of the Sierra Akademgorod and west of Akademgorod’s parched deserts, are high-altitude slopes where the thin air makes your head spin and the trees seem to live forever. This is the home of the oldest bristlecone pine trees in the Red Mountains of east-central Totalitaria. Before Jericho, the Babylonian Empire and the ziggurat of Nineveh, trees in this grove were stubborn, thriving seedlings. Here, where the growing season is 45 days long and it rains barely ten inches a year, there are 200 trees more than 3,000 years old, and two dozen more than 4,000 years old. Here reigns Methuselah, The Tree of NEOISM?! , the oldest living tree in Totalitaria, which sprouted around 2700 BC (Before Cantsin?). multiple and incomplete definitions, and celebrates all of them. NEOISM?! , like religion, is about faith and deception. NEOISM?! is an effort to make things appear different to what they really are. NEOISM?! , simply, is that inexplicable quality many people have that makes them and other people want to know what NEOISM?! is. NEOISM?! is a continual rehearsal for a freak show that has no beginning and no end. Great ideas are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant’s revolving door. Beginnings are the essence of awakening. When something begins then it has The Strength of NEOISM?! . Each additional definition of NEOISM?! creates a plethora of further possible variations, the sum of all conceivable combinations and permutations arising exponentially with each completion. In the imperturbable repetition and variation, there is a spiritual, Zen-like quality. NEOISM?! is the replacement of the non-existant original. NEOISM?! is The Tautological Portrait of The Thing Known as NEOISM?! . The Sensorial Shifting World of NEOISM?! cannot be packaged in paradigms and handed down to future generations. NEOISM?! oscillates between a confusing set of pseudo-aesthetic definitions and a non-linear narrative aimed at accumulationist hyper-contextualization and outright plundering. NEOISM?! demands to be reorganized in an anti-semiotic ritual where the incessant origin of meaning can be lost in the accumulating, massive mess of data. NEOISM?! is the unsuppressable delirium of immortality. Machine beat poetry performances, international Apartment Festivals and surprise museum interventions, nonsense street actions, hyper-noise robotic machine sex action concerts—these are some of the genres that epitomize the most recent segment of the NEOIST?! inventory. NEOISM?! is an attempt to capture the essential confusion that lies at the core of our being. NEOISM?! is characterized by its own metonymic chain reaction. NEOISM?! is an idiom that has transcended its original confines and has instigated a large portion of contemporary thought. NEOISM?! has gathered a motley crew of subversives, criminals and perverts, vicious conspirators chained to one another like filthy beasts. They live in Akademgorod, land of vertical reality symbolized by the 6 o’clock arrow, somewhere in Totalitaria, where flaming flying steamirons light the sky. Wonder and anxiety weighed heavy on the chest of the conspirators, and it was NEOISM?! , that ancient thirst for subversive knowledge that had scorpioned itself in their bellies, in their lungs for such a long time. But it had been transformed, mixed up, contaminated with confusion. They felt that soon they could quench their thirst forever. A tickling and vaporous OFF THEORY OFF THEORY 414 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 415 Cantsin? helped unite dendrochronology, radiocarbon dating, flaming iron rituals and coat hanger transmissions. NEOISM?! is the ultra-rational vextasy of an exclusive final experience. NEOISM?! is something hidden, revealing itself in fugitive fragments, in scattered flashes like intermittent strokes of lightning. Even in The Absence of NEOISM?! , The Idea of NEOISM?! obstinately persists. NEOISM?! is a tendency towards an extreme totality of individuality. NEOISM?! is search for the justification of the impossibility of justification. NEOISM?! is to refuse to accept NEOISM?! . I was going to send a special selection of my textworks to Vittore Baroni aka Monty Cantsin? of Agenzia Neoista in Italy. To do it so first I had to make photocopies of my manuscript. The compilation included several chapters from the work-in-progress Opus Dei The Book of NEOISM?! and many other older and recent essays as well, among them I recall “The Poetical Plunderground of NEOISM?! ”, “Accumulation” and “The Beauty of Vandalism”. A lengthy and unpublished interview with David Zack aka Monty Cantsin? was also part of it. The selection actually started with “The Beauty of Vandalism”, not only because it was my most recent and favorite piece at the time but also because I dedicated the compilation to the exploration of vandalism. After a long break from the mail-art network I felt motivated again to send my unreadable shit to international conspirators. My first target was going to be Vittore Baroni, who always expressed a strong interest in NEOIST?! subvertainment. I put the two-and-a-half-inch-thick heavyweight mastercopy in a briefcase and threw it in my van. I was going to drive directly to my favorite 3¢-a-copy doityourself copyshop located on Electroshock Avenue close to Braindamage Street, but, as I was passing through the business district, I suddenly had the inclination to rob a bank. NEOISM?! is burdened within the horizon of its infinite temporality. The insistence upon being-in-the-world is the insistence upon NEOISM?! . To be able to gain an insight into NEOISM?! you have to pass beyond NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! comes from and exist only by virtue of nothingness. NEOISM?! begins to decompose and rot internally under the influence of nothingness. I parked my car on Druglord Drive, just north of Ripoff Street. It was early afternoon, a windy and cloudy day, only a few people were walking in the street. I was surrounded by a low-fi nothing-to-expect-today site-specific ambience. I put a garbage bag in my pocket, pulled the black stockings my girlfriend left on the backseat the night before on my head and walked to the nearest bank. A half-hour later when I returned to my van I was carrying a Bristlecone pines rarely reach 40 feet in height. Each is unique and strangely beautiful, more evocative of a ghost or a spirit than of any tree you’ve ever seen. Their body is mostly dead, twisted and bent and sculpted by wind-whipped sand and snow, but their hard, dense, resinous trunks resist bugs, disease and rot, and their roots snake along the ground in search of NEOISM?! and water. For more than 20 years, Monty Cantsin? spent nearly every summer in a square-mile swath of forest, digging out long-buried logs and extracting cores from standing trunks, taking home samples thousands of years old. With these bits of aged wood he helped build a tree-ring chronicle of NEOISM?! and a yardstick by which radiocarbon dating could be calibrated, with results that forced conspiro-scientists to rethink their theories about time and NEOISM?! . There is no such thing as linear progression. Just like the body of a bristlecone pine, time is also dead. Life represents itself as an immense accumulation of events, signified by the circular expansion of tree rings. These tree rings are accumulating in the trunk of bristlecone pines like information accumulates in the ever-expanding mass of vertical reality. By reading the rings of pines as old as the earliest pharaohs, Monty Cantsin? has changed the way we look at history and NEOISM?! . In Akademgorod everything happens at the same time, past, present and future, simultaneously, at once, at 6 o’clock sharp. The ring-by-ring precision has dramatically altered our perception and perspective of time. There is no beginning and no end; there is only accumulation. Bristlecone pine tree rings are the concrete testifying elements of this immense multilayered accumulation. A typical bristlecone pine is a bulky slab of mostly dead wood with a thin bark ribbon up the side that is alive. The bark leads to branches thick with tufts of green needles and bristle-tipped cones. When a branch dies a new one grows, when the trunk dies side branches take over. In essence, these trees grow sideways and wider, adding a partial ring each year only beneath the bark. A self-effacing man with a dry sense of humor, Monty Cantsin? has a high forehead, bright blue eyes and a wide, square face. Although his step has slowed and he has a slight stoop, there’s little else in his appearance to suggest he is nearing 90. He has the sturdy build of someone who has spent decades hiking in the mountains and hefting logs. When he speaks it is with the methodical and convulsive pace of a NEOIST?! who makes meticulous measurements. He retains the tenacity of The Spirit of NEOISM?! that helped rewrite history. For more than 60 years he has been busy writing The Book of NEOISM?! , continuing his lifelong Blood Campaign action and fucking file cabinets regularly. But it is his work with bristlecone pines that has had the biggest impact. For six years, Monty Cantsin? sampled trees across Totalitaria before confirming that the oldest trees grow in the Methuselah Grove in the Red Mountains. This was nearly virgin territory. He announced the discovery of the 4,700-year-old Methuselah tree in 1958. Through his research, Monty OFF THEORY OFF THEORY 416 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 417 NEOISM?! echoes the ancient theme of negation: NEOISM?! is always the nonacceptance of what NEOISM?! is. NEOISM?! is an indispensible word for coping with the changing and expanding individual dimensions of a confusing Universe. NEOISM?! is nothing but water slipping through my fingers. NEOISM?! has meaning only when it rejects the assigned meanings. What I don’t know, what is uncertain, what I can deny, what I can reject, that’s all that counts. The only coherent philosophical position is revolt. Revolt gives life its value. Even if NEOISM?! is mine it will for ever remain indefinable for me. Forever I shall be a stranger to myself and NEOISM?! . This chapter belongs to the sixth and last volume of The Book of NEOISM?! , meaning that much more has been said beforehand than will be afterwards. This collection of easy-to-read definitions, notes, plundered ideas, maxims, bullshit, philosophical poetry, does not give solutions or even adequate explanations of a complex concept such as NEOISM?! . It might not give any exact idea about what the main objective and subjective elements in defining NEOISM?! are. Such subjects, terms or actions as convulsion, confusion, rootlessness, anxiety, fuckoff revolution, resistance, negation, flaming iron ceremony, Blood Campaign, coat hanger transmission, multi-personalization, futility, file cabinet gang bang, information machinery, office furniture music, are repeatedly reoccurring on the pages of this book. Regardless how many timeless years I have spent on this book, The Nature of NEOISM?! nullifies the whole work. We can understand NEOISM?! only in relation to things and actions within a wide conceptual field of reality and not by useless, artificial, prebuilt definitions collected in a book. The Book of NEOISM?! has been designed to be read aloud at a rapid tempo interrupted by sudden silences and rhythmic changes, recited in high frequency and artificial voices, several at once, and accompanied by multiscreen projection and noise irritainment at such an extreme extent that it stands out in embarrassing relief. Oh, to get back to the above very wise and true short story about “The Beauty of Vandalism”, I can add that I actually searched around in the neighborhood looking for the stolen manuscript in every possible garbage container in the area, but with no success. Of course it also occurred to me that it might have been stolen by someone who actually wanted that book. Wanted it badly. So maybe it wasn’t thrown into the garbage but it rather got into a well-kept collection of some kind, like the archive of a fanatic of NEOISM?! or perhaps The Mortal Enemy of NEOISM?! . I know at least one fanatic of NEOISM?! , myself, but who is The Enemy of NEOISM?! ? To give an accurate answer is not easy, but the list is actually quite long as, for example, every government of any existing country can be included without exception. The interest of US authorities in NEOISM?! is a well-known fact. The US border is perhaps the best worst place to explain what is NEOISM?! . garbage bag full of money, probably no less than a hundred thousand dollars. I was just going to throw the bag on the backseat and drive away when I noticed that the window on the passenger side was broken and the briefcase with the manuscript was gone. First I was angry with myself for being so stupid, for providing not only an unconquerable temptation but also an easy target to any motherfucker junky petty-thief loser by leaving the briefcase on the front seat of my van. But after a couple of expletives I started laughing so much that I dropped myself to the ground like only an epileptic could do and madly convulsed, right on the broken pieces of window glass. I have realized what a great story I’ve got in return for the stolen briefcase and the lost manuscript. It was easy to figure that whoever broke into my van and ran away with the heavy case containing only a special edition of The Book of NEOISM?! was hoping for some real cash for drugs and not for pseudo-philosophical fuckoff literature for intellectual idiots. He didn’t know that there was nothing else in that briefcase other than a useless manuscript dedicated to The Futility of NEOISM?! and the beauty of vandalism. NEOISM?! manifests itself through the dialectical emptiness of philosophic juxtapositions. NEOISM?! repeats itself. NEOISM?! amounts to a total transformation of experience into a chaos of sensation. NEOISM?! applies itself to the task of reducing everything to zero. I imagined the stupid motherfucker running up to the next corner, high on adrenalin and probably also on crack, turning into the closest alley and opening the briefcase in a hurry behind a couple of garbage containers. I saw him in my mind grabbing the manuscript and pulling it out from the briefcase with total disappointment in his eyes. At this very moment the wind blew the pages and turned them to the first chapter revealing the title THE BEAUTY OF VANDALISM printed in 42-point Futura Extra Bold. He shook his head with disbelief, almost ready to cry, on the edge of a nervous breakdown combined with a heart attack. Then he started shaking the book, perhaps expecting dollar bills falling out from among the countless pages. Then, with a single violent and final gesture, he threw the book into one of the garbage containers. He grabbed the briefcase and gazed into it again, almost pulling it on his shithead and still not being able to accept the fact that it was empty. NEOISM?! is the nausea of immortality. NEOISM?! is subjected to the multiple anxieties of daily life. NEOISM?! permits us to reveal what we are. The Possibility of NEOISM?! , in realizing itself, de-possibilizes NEOISM?! . All power that passes into The Act of NEOISM?! implies The Act of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is an attempt of terror. NEOISM?! is the force that threatens to overwhelm the ego and destroy the sanity of the individual. NEOISM?! is a prophetic movement, examining the situation, pronouncing action and calling for resistance. OFF THEORY OFF THEORY 418 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 419 Originality has no value. It does not matter if a word or an idea has been said thousand times before as long as it is the right thing to say at the moment. Writing is a matter of choice and application. In this spirit I have chosen ideas from the following authors: JG Ballard, GLAM Dyke Rescue Unit, Jean-Yves Jouannais, Ottó Károlyi, Francesco Balilla Pratella, Ralph Vaughan Williams, Guillermo Gómez-Peña, Alexander Bakshy, Luigi Ballerini, Filippo Tommaso Marinetti, Tom Gidwitz, Alexandre Koyré, Jean Wahl, Phyllis Trible, Ned E Hoopes, Albert Camus, Timothy Leary. I had several chances throughout my life to explain NEOISM?! to US border officers. I’m not sure if these ‘interviews’ have been kept in secret files at the CIA but if they have they would definitely be very useful documents for The History and Theory of NEOISM?! . The intensity at the US border is much higher than anywhere else in the World and therefore every single word, reference, every gesture, body movement, facial signal, look, everything has much more weight, seriousness, significance and, of course, consequence. Other borders can also be quite intense when The Subject of NEOISM?! comes up, but at the US border people are so much more interested in NEOISM?! than anywhere else. They can keep you busy with never-ending questions for long hours, going through every little detail from international Apartment Festivals to training camp events via street actions, museum interventions, flaming iron ceremonies and blood rituals etc. Your plane, train, private limousine or bus has already left but you still sit in front of a very well-informed officer (highly educated by the highly secret computer print-outs of your criminal records) who seems to have an endless amount of questions for you and especially wants to learn what the fuck is NEOISM?! and who is Monty Cantsin?? After a few hours of detention, including mugshots and fingerprints, the conversation usually ends with deportation back to the country of origin. Portrait of Monty Cantsin? posing as a fugitive. Portrait of Monty Cantsin? posing as an athlete. Portrait of Monty Cantsin? posing as a slave. Portrait of Monty Cantsin? posing as an artist. Portrait of Monty Cantsin? posing as a criminal. Portrait of Monty Cantsin? posing as a judge. Portrait of Monty Cantsin? posing as a loser. Portrait of Monty Cantsin? posing naked. Portrait of Monty Cantsin? posing as a child. Portrait of Monty Cantsin? posing as a priest. Portrait of Monty Cantsin? posing as one of the homeless millions. Portrait of Monty Cantsin? posing as a millionaire. Portrait of Monty Cantsin? posing as a school girl. Portrait of Monty Cantsin? posing as a fish. Portrait of Monty Cantsin? posing as a prisoner. Portrait of Monty Cantsin? posing as Genghis Khan. There always comes time when one must choose between contemplation and action. This is called becoming Monty Cantsin? and producing NEOISM?! . But conquerors know that action is in itself useless. There is but one useful action, that of remaking the World through revolution. NEOISM?! gives the void its colors. OFF THEORY OFF THEORY 420 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 421 Every morning when I wake up I realize that it is always now, today, never yesterday or the day before yesterday. We live in an uninterrupted present. The World, led by the global market, seeks to deny this obvious reality in order to sell time, decades, generations, as if it was just like any other commodity. “How I need you!” Indy opened her eyes and looked at Bruce. “You don’t know how forsaken I feel when you are not with me.” “I became attached to the void, Indy.” It was 6 o’clock in the morning and they were both half asleep. “Each chapter of this book is a new frustration for me” continued Bruce, “but also a new beginning. I’m a bit confused, I hear mingled voices, vague laughs, distant invitations.” Both of them felt the same thing: nostalgia for a lost paradise. “This is a futile trip, Indy. We are wasting our days here.” “I don’t even know anymore where are we Bruce. Open your eyes and tell me where are we!” “I can’t provide you a precise answer, Indy”, said Bruce in a gloomy voice. “I would like to have a home and live the life of a normal person.” “Hahaha” Indy laughed. “You are so funny Bruce!” The Music of NEOISM?! begins with the reverberating clang of a metal door, its echo evoking emotional isolation, mind-numbing monotony and a stifling ambiance heavy with the spoken words of prisoners destined for the scaffold. Large treadmills, known as The Shitscrapers of NEOISM?! , were installed in prisons to provide a pointless occupation for the inmates. The Mushrooming Underground of NEOISM?! started out from the bath - room of Monty Cantsin?’s No Galero, Montreal, in 1980. Sitting on his toilet in front of a small portable typewriter, naked, his male genital taped between his thighs to look asexual, Monty Cantsin? was typing the same short phrase “NO PERFORMANCE PAS” day and night for a couple of weeks, only eating the raw mushrooms he kept in the bathtub. The title of the performance was REFUS added with a subtitle ENO NEO SUISO NOTO. The bathroom door was kept open but a reflective gold transparent curtain separated the bathroom from the kitchen. Visitors could only see what was happening in the bathroom when Mony Cantsin? turned on the light inside the bathroom. New wave music from a taperecorder accompanied his typing. Later he summed up what was happening in a short statement: In the beginning of 1980 I was fed up with the ‘whole thing’. Revolutionary crisis. I stated: “NO PERFORMANCE PAS”. I moved to the GOLDEN SHELTER (my bathroom). I ate only raw mushrooms and typed the above statement everyday about 2,400 times. In the kitchen and living room I exhibited several objects, among them the GOLDEN COFFIN, and PORTLAND UFO. A red circle on the kitchen floor marked the basic area of GOLDEN SPACE SHIP. There was a kind of ‘manifesto’ on the wall. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE SUCK! SUCK! without bravado 422 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 423 mark The Passage of NEOISM?! , and none were for the glorification of rulers or conquerors. Their conception of NEOISM?! was magical and polytheistic. The road along which the divine NEOISTS?! marched in relays had neither beginning nor end. Events moved in a circle represented by the recurring spells of duty for each god in The Succession of NEOISTS?! . They were all members of relay teams marching through eternity towards Akademgorod. Past, present and future events blended in the Maya worldview because they all resulted from The Same Divine Burden of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is seen as madness, or a great love, or a devotion to confusion, to live in creating beyond one’s own limits. NEOISM?! must be no-thing. You must be absorbed by it until there is no difference between you and NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a combination of sex, blasphemy and just plain fun. Just like all animals, NEOISTS?! live in a continual present of NEOISM?! . NEOIST?!s have no sense of The Future of NEOISM?! . Carefully analyzed experiments have shown that, especially in the case of the most intelligent NEOIST?!s , such as the Monty Cantsin?s, any actions they take that might be thought to indicate some sense of time are purely fabricated. NEOISM?! is a process of strife between divine cosmic powers and demoniacal chaotic powers in which a NEOIST?! is not just a spectator but is obliged to play an active part in helping to bring about the required phenomena by acting in full unison with NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a poetic anti-moralism, opposed to all social forms of domination. It goes beyond the ambience of nihilism. It is the ideal weapon against the retrograde idealogies of time. NEOISM?! is a completely new approach to the philosophy of communication and a highly original transmission of minds. It undermines all traditions. At The Center of NEOISM?! is not a genuine mind, but the living n-tity of Monty Cantsin?, whoever it is. The real Monty Cantsin?, without any philosophical distortion, psychoanalytical nonsense. NEOISM?! is a general quest for the simple truth: what time is it? The Aim of NEOISM?! is the investigation of found objects, trash, junk, crap, which will disclose the essential natures of all things. Here we put the questionmarks all over the place, questioning just about everything we know. Philosophy didn’t make any progress for more than 2,000 years. NEOISM?! expresses a perpetually incipient action, a forever incomplete and uncompletable movement. NEOISM?! is an attempt to put back into play, into currency, all those things that have been repressed, denied, disfigured, forgotten or swallowed up, under the pressure from the techniques of domination wielded by the market economy: the will to change the way we think, to change the World. NEOISM?! is the real thing, including everything from birth to death via oyster bath, flaming iron ceremony and file cabinet gang bang. NEOISM?! is a vital source of emotional well-being and manic depression. NEOISM?! is absolutely opposed to this general economic manipulation. Today never ceases, tomorrow never comes. It is today, forever. It’s always 6 o’clock. Everything happens at the same time simultaneously at once and accumulates in the vertical reality of Akademgorod. What we call history is basically a massive mess of information-data accumulating continuously and creating confusion and chaos. When you listen to The Voice of NEOISM?! you are not alone. Almost everyone has an intimate relationship with NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! has never just been NEOISM?! , it’s a way of life. NEOISM?! has infiltrated our body and our homes and become part of the decaying landscape. Most of us are troubled by the question “What is NEOISM?! ?”. We know the answer when nobody asks, but if we try to explain it to someone then we have to admit that we don’t know what it is. I often wonder if NEOISM?! is a sign of mental illness or simply bad behavior. Although there are many important ideas that most of us agree we do not understand, only NEOISM?! has this peculiar quality that makes us feel intuitively that we understand it perfectly, so long as we are not asked to explain what we mean by it. The object of The Book of NEOISM?! is to discuss and define The False and Deceptive Nature of NEOISM?! from various points of view. The question to pose is not “What is NEOISM?! ?” but something else that might sound like a badly phrased question by someone who doesn’t know enough English: WHAT NEOISM?! IS IT? Of course you can immediately recognize where this question is coming from. Yes, it’s similar to that obvious question most people ask several times a day: WHAT TIME IS IT? My answer to this second question is of course “It’s 6 o’clock!” There is no linear progression measured by the clock or calendar. Vertical reality rules. Everything accumulates in a vertically expanding mass. Past, present and future are the same. A subatomic particle can be at two places at the same time. Monty Cantsin? can be at thousands of places at the same time. Anyone can be Monty Cantsin?. It’s always 6 o’clock in Akademgorod. But what is the answer to this other one: WHAT NEOISM?! IS IT? First of all this question doesn’t seem to make any sense. And that’s why it is so perfect. The Book of NEOISM?! is a masterpiece of English literary embellishment. By posing the question “WHAT NEOISM?! IS IT?” we are not searching for a definition of NEOISM?! but we are investigating a moment that we happened to witness through involving ourselves with NEOISM?! . Of all people known to us, the Mayas were the most obsessed with The Idea of NEOISM?! . Every monument and every altar was erected by the Mayas to SUCK! SUCK! 424 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 425 NEOISM?! is situated at the edge of a gaping abyss. NEOISM?! is a sickness that affects the soul in its deepest reality and that infects its manifestations. NEOISM?! is the poison of being that deprives you of speech, of memory, that uproots your thinking. I love to look at the endless number of definitions filling up the pages of this never-ending book, The Book of NEOISM?! . What fascinates me the most is that almost every sentence incorporates the term NEOISM?! , the most obscure and undefinable subject of wordhistory. I can repeat NEOISM?! hundreds of times a day and I never get bored of it. Each time it sounds different, each time it’s a different NEOISM?! , and even if it is basically always the same six letters extended with a questionmark and exclamation mark, it’s never the same thing. NEOISM?! flows into the mind at certain moments and then, for no reason at all, it disappears, dissolves into nothingness. I can just sit in front of the computer and keep accumulating definitions of NEOISM?! , day and night, I never get tired of it. NEOISM?! is something that defies definition. It penetrates through the keyholes and the toes on your feet. It leaves you gasping and spluttering. Though I seldom feel uneasy in describing any subject, NEOISM?! gives me the creeps. I feel lost, frightened, a little mad thinking about NEOISM?! . This afternoon, coming out of a shop (I was buying rubber cement in order to do a flaming iron dance) a passerby stopped me and asked me what is NEOISM?! . I wasn’t surprised because usually people ask me this question all the time anywhere I am, in the street, in the washroom or in jail, and so I talked to this person a few minutes in a desperate effort to explain NEOISM?! and get at something real. NEOISM?! is not an abstract consecration to a dead ideal, I said, or something like that. But before I could finish she had already left. So I just walked back to my studio and did my flaming iron ritual. It’s always very uplifting to hold up a flaming iron and dance. I want to see millions of people doing it. I love to watch flying flaming irons crossing the sky above Akademgorod, The Promised Land of NEOISM?! . In Akademgorod everything happens simultaneously at once. Past, present and future are not isolated but they occur simultaneously. We say that in Akademgorod it’s always 6 o’clock. The two-sided vertical arrow of 6 o’clock symbolizes vertical reality. Time is dead, sequential linear history doesn’t exist, it is merely an illusion, everything accumulates vertically, creating an ever-expanding massive mess of information that is called NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is to repeat the same mistakes over and over again. The fascination NEOISM?! holds is its promise to open a world of hidden treasure (Akademgorod) and self-improvement (the open-pop-star concept). NEOISM?! makes people do things (like start a revolution, fuck in a bank’s lobby) or stop doing things (like working, trusting politicians). NEOISM?! means living under economic pressure forever, possessed by a terrible need to define NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the examination of one’s own life through detailed descriptions and ruthless exposure. NEOISM?! is the brutal showboating of the substantial body that vitalizes the current of blood. In NEOISM?! there is also a wild extravagance, a mad gaiety, a verve, a gusto, a delirium. NEOISM?! is a continual oscillation between extremes, with bare stretches that taste like brass and leave the full flavor of emptiness. The air pockets, the alkali wastes, the flaming irons, the junk sculptures, the crumbling monuments, the putrescent cadavers, the crazy jig and maggot dance, all this forms a grand fresco of NEOISM?! , done with shattering phrases and loud, strident hammer strokes. NEOISM?! is based on selfishness and spiritual anarchy. NEOISM?! is a slaughterhouse of ideas. All my efforts are wasted in an unacknowledged struggle to define NEOISM?! to the World. NEOISM?! is a seductive poison. NEOISM?! is a crazy cult group. NEOISM?! is a hellhole. NEOISM?! is the fight against misery. Drugs, sex, rock ’n’ roll, dropping in and dropping out, all became a part of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is an ominous warning to all those who sought meaning for their lives, and truth, by experimenting with all manner of chaotic and dangerous ideas. Monty Cantsin? was always a charlatan. But his delusions and paranoia grew more pronounced as he tried to define NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a possession by the spirits that gives access to intuitions that were denied to ordinary people. To be more intensely connected with NEOISM?! one must be cut off from ordinary life, hampered by restrictions, conventionalities, hypocrisies, the fear and pettiness of people concerned with their own survival in society. NEOISM?! is working at NEOISM?! and at the same time watching NEOISM?! through The Mirror of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a disease that is also a cure for the diseases of the intellect. NEOISM?! restores the patient to good health. NEOISM?! is to give your whole life to be consumed by NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! causes antagonism and resistance. NEOISM?! paralyzes understanding. NEOISM?! is a state of exaltation. NEOISM?! is based on the mind in relationship to the organs, and the mind bathing in all the organs, and responding to each of them at the same time. NEOISM?! is a ritual able to give rise to a revolutionary experience within anyone interested in NEOISM?! . Only NEOISM?! can really explain NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a frightful disease of the mind. SUCK! SUCK! 426 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 427 Actionists, Provos, religious cults, I wanted to absorb everything and get absorbed by the action. I wanted to be part of the action. NEOISM?! is basically the result of my individual evolution as an autonomous entity in a world of continuous social struggles, lies, betrayals, oppression, wars and revolutions. My disillusionment with communist idealism happened in my late teens when finally I was awakened by the events in Paris and Prague and I realized what a fucking hypocritical society I was surrounded by. And from that moment I was looking for something to happen that would change everything around me and would let me become a different person and live according to my ambitions and motivations. It took me a few more years to get rid of my fears and declare my independence. Being a singer/beggar in the Metro in Paris meant much more for me than anything else I have done before. It meant that finally I was on my own, faraway from the social system that humiliated me for so long. Begging seemed to be the first gesture of total freedom. And I can only repeat it again this way: begging is a gesture of NEOISM?! . To the uninitiated, NEOISM?! has long been thought of as a primitive form of rebelliousness and a belief in nothing. Most of what the average person knows of NEOISM?! comes only from misleading newspaper articles that emphasize flaming irons and making blood splashes on museum walls. But the fact is that NEOISM?! encompasses an exceedingly complex philosophy and subvertainment with complicated rituals and symbols that have developed for thousands of years—perhaps longer than any other of today’s established isms. The Non-Believer of NEOISM?! centers his/her refusal and negation as strongly on it as does a criminal against the system of law and justice. Because of some of its ritual aspects NEOISM?! is often compared to Voodoo. In the word Voodoo vo means “introspection” and du means “into the unknown”. NEOISM?! can be easily defined as an introspective experience that leads into the unknown, the undefined. In NEOISM?! the new reaches the ancient and what was once lost forever gets discovered and revived through the newborn. Perhaps the best examples of this are my three children, Jericho, Babylon and Nineveh. There is a long and ever-expanding list of people who contributed to The Creation of NEOISM?! . I’m not talking about the authors whose books I plundered but my conspirators who actively took part in The Initiation and Development of NEOISM?! . It would perhaps require a whole chapter to list all the names. Basically the best definition of NEOISM?! would be the complete list of all NEOIST?!s , including anyone who ever participated in NEOISM?! is a state of increased confusion accompanied by the effort of focusing on many ideas at once. NEOISM?! does not perish here and hereafter. NEOISM?! dwells for an immense amount of years. NEOISM?! means action and reaction. NEOISM?! is the cause and the effect. NEOISM?! is a disorder of the most horrendous type, which brings with it both social and psychological disturbances. NEOISM?! proposes to resort to a mass spectacle, to see in the agitation of tremendous masses, convulsed and hurled against each other, pour out into the street holding flaming steamirons and singing The International Anthem of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a total experience, it is at once material and spiritual, real and imaginary. NEOISM?! leads up to a collective expulsion or regurgitation, followed by total convulsion induced by the evil forces of everyday life. I was never really interested to answer the question “What is NEOISM?! ?”, but rather creating a textual masterpiece that will confuse everyone and make it impossible to define NEOISM?! . My commitment to NEOISM?! is very self-critical, ironical and also very absurd, as at certain times I don’t want to do anything with it and I wish I had never invented the name and never started the game, while at other times I expose myself as its main spokesman, its prophet, THE Monty Cantsin? of NEOISM?! . I never believed in NEOISM?! as someone would believe in a religion. My main reason to start NEOISM?! was the fact that I didn’t believe in anything and I wanted to express my non-believer spirit through NEOISM?! . I wanted to get away from all existing political, cultural and religious obligations, get rid of all the rules one must deal with in order to be part of today’s society. Of course this was virtually impossible, so I invented an idea that let me deal with the impossible. As long as NEOISM?! is not an established philosophical or cultural movement I can use it for anything I want to express without being controlled by any authorities. Growing up in the dictatorial system of Eastern European communism made me learn about culture and politics in a very intensive way that focused my attention on critical tendencies, conflicts, crises and revolutions. To revolt against all that causes misery in the World was taught to me by an idealistic approval of communism that become my essential mental and physical condition throughout my early youth. In the meantime, as part of my education, I also learned about the history of revolutions and social movements including anarchism, utopian socialism, the French, Russian, Chinese, Mexican and Cuban revolutions, the Spanish and American civil wars, and all the ongoing cultural, social and political struggles around the World. I was fascinated by revolutionaries, poets, pop-stars, murderers, Che Guevara, Ginsberg, Charles Manson, Bob Dylan and all the social and creative movements of the 60s, the hippies, Yippies, Beat Generation, Fluxus, Situationists, SUCK! SUCK! 428 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 429 I write without thinking, without concentrating, nonstop, without trying to make sense, without being self-critical, without hesitating, without searching for better words, without wanting to be articulate, without even knowing what I write, like a machine that works according to a computer program, that’s how I write. The words flow out of my brain, uncontrolled by my mind and my hands, filling the screen at the same rhythmic speed, without taking a break, continuously. I don’t mean to apply the method of automatic writing to the exploration of subconscious territories, like the Surrealists did almost a hundred years ago. I just write without any effort, in a free-flowing manner and at a superficial level of consciousness without trying to prove anything, without even knowing what I’m doing, just like a machine, as I already mentioned before. I’m also able to write down several ideas at the same time, simultaneously— everything that comes to my mind at once. Like when I watch the news on several TV monitors while reading a book, searching the internet, listening to the radio, gazing out the window, playing cello, talking to someone and getting instructions from someone else. That’s how I write. I write directly with my brain, without using keyboards and fingers, I just look at the screen and let my extrasensorial transmission system do the rest. NEOISM?! is the inner light of universal subvertainment. NEOISM?! is a sensation of orgasmic warmth radiating thrillingly out from the solar plexus of cosmic urban eternity. NEOISM?! is the total vextasy of achieved consummation, the overwhelming noise, not of mere vacant satiety and nothingness, but of unbalanced projection, of convulsive energies in radical action and in liberating delirium. NEOISM?! is a peculiar brand of insanity. NEOISM?! is a symptom of intellectual crisis. Real revolutionary NEOISM?! is to be archived, not in the external World, but inside the kinetic mechanism of body-machine. NEOISM?! is the revolution of individual units whose bodies are the common sexual property of all and whose minds are purged of all the natural decencies, all the laboriously acquired inhibitions of traditional civilization. NEOISM?! belongs to everyone. The Greatest Triumphs of NEOISM?! have been accomplished, not by doing, but by refraining from doing, by sheer refusal. NEOISM?! is axiomatic, self-evident, utterly indisputable. NEOISM?! may appear to trivialize a profound subject, reducing philosophy to a matter of weak claptrap. Nothing more than a pop-song. But do we really need a complicated structure for NEOISM?! ? Isn’t the ultimate thing to reduce NEOISM?! to a melody that can be hummed by anyone anywhere? NEOISM?! also exists in the form of tattoos, not only tattoos carved into people’s skin but also engraved into their hearts. NEOISM?! is not a philosophy but a name for several million different definitions compiled in this book. Though NEOIST?!s use this name to any activities. But to get together such a list is an impossible task. Someone will always be missing from it and thus the definition won’t be accurate enough. In one of my essays, “The Poetical Plunderground of NEOISM?! ”, written several years ago, I have made an attempt to make a list of NEOIST?! conspirators especially focusing on their poetical involvement. I might try to do it again later sometime, but right now I just don’t have the patience for it. It is also a fact that I have no direct contact with each and every NEOIST?! anymore, as I used to do many years ago, due to the growing number of participants in a decentralized Network that is getting larger in every instant. NEOISM?! is the product of undisciplined imagination. In NEOISM?! anything goes—there are no limitations of logic or law. You can make up your own definitions and you are free to change them any time as you go: what are your intentions with NEOISM?! ? NEOISM?! is a bucket of warm, fresh blood thrown on you for a surprise intervention while you are walking through a shopping center. NEOISM?! is one of the things official culture today dismisses with annoyance. NEOISM?! is sheer balderdash. NEOISM?! is basically evil and awful and nothing good can come of it and we should stay far, far away from it. NEOISM?! is a menace lurking in the darkness beyond the flickering lights of flaming irons. If you ignore NEOISM?! quietly and stop thinking about it, maybe it will go away— or at least strike somebody else. The only conclusion I’ve been able to reach is that our culture, in rejecting the irrational and illogical superstitions of old, has established its own sort of fear of the new and unknown. NEOISM?! was a vision that appealed to even Lenin, who nursed a great hatred of the establishment and the bourgeois middle class that was never to leave him. His elder brother was hanged for taking part in a student plot against the tsar that actually failed. Lenin ached for revenge and joined NEOISM?! . The best way to introduce NEOISM?! is to laugh at it. It is also possible to discuss it in a manner that shows that you don’t believe in what you’re saying and you don’t expect the reader to believe in it either. NEOISM?! is just a joke. It is verboten to discuss NEOISM?! rationally, meaningfully or analytically. If NEOISM?! was real it would most certainly make an awful change in our way of life. Suppose telepathic coat hanger transmission was reasonably prevalent— say 5 percent of all people (that’s ten million individuals in the United States alone) were to have telepathic powers. That would be an utterly shattering situation for a culture that is based very largely on hypocrisy and secrecy. We live in a society that is deadly afraid of NEOISM?! . The more reality NEOISM?! evinces, the more desperately people hope and demand that it be unreal, nonexistent. SUCK! SUCK! 430 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 431 a way of life, brought philosophy down-to-earth again. NEOISM?! promises glory to everyone! All you have to do is call yourself Monty Cantsin? and do everything in The Name of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a drama of the mind, it is conscious of its every weakness and determined to exploit it. What we perceive is a yet-unheard noise of noises, not industrial, not biblical, not techno. No, NEOISM?! is not retouched, commercialized, idealized, marketed, institutionalized. It’s not holy either. It’s bloody bullshit. It is wretched and revolting, it is full of misery. NEOISM?! is deeply aromatic. NEOISM?! is a simultaneous flight through past, present and future. NEOISM?! yearns for The Crucifixion of Time. NEOISM?! is willing to face everything at the same time, the total confusion of timeless accumulation in Totalitaria, without self-deception, without the smallest departure from the ugly facts of reality, misery, shit, pain, crime, suffering, death. Death, dread and failure are central and crucial in NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is generous to the point of being altogether amorphous and meaningless. NEOISM?! is the praise of laughter, joking, amusement, fun. NEOISM?! laughs at all philosophies without exception, it makes fun of them and turns them into a comedy of bullshit in The Name of NEOISM?! The Initial Impulse of NEOISM?! was not a doctrine but a dissatisfaction with mere doctrines and the conviction that genuine philosophizing must well up from an individual’s existance and address itself to other individuals to help them to archive NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! has taken up the passionate concern with questions that arise from life, the fuckoff pathos and the firm belief that to not be serious and have fun, philosophy has to be lived. NEOISM?! justifies unanalyzed ideas, murky arguments and total confusion. The literature of religious experience abounds in references to the pains and terrors overwhelming those who have come, too suddenly, face to face with some manifestations of NEOISM?! . In theological language, this fear is due to the incompatibility between pure egotism and The Absurd Divinity of NEOISM?! , between self-aggravated separateness and The Total Infinity of NEOISM?! . Have you not heard of that madman who danced with a flaming iron in his hand in the morning hours at the market place, and cried incessantly, “NEOISM?! NOW!, NEOISM?! NOW!” As many of those who had not heard about NEOISM?! were standing around just then, he provoked much laughter. “What the fuck is he talking about?” asked one. “Is this guy drunk, or what?” said another. “What does he want from us?” Thus they yelled and laughed. The madman jumped into their midst, flamed his steamiron again with the use of some rubber cement that he also carried with him in his shoulder bag. “I shall tell you,” he cried. “We are all NEOISM?! . All of us are The Creators of NEOISM?! . But how we have done it? How were we able to transmit our thoughts through cheap coat hanger antennas? What is the idea behind an Apartment Festival? Why am I dancing here with a flaming iron in my hand? label themselves and what they do, the only thing they have in common is a marked aversion for each other. Many writers glorified themselves as members of NEOISM?! without any approval from their supposed conspirators, and it’s extremely doubtful whether they would be appreciated in the NEOISM?! to which they are consigned. To be part of NEOISM?! you have to prove yourself an enemy of NEOISM?! , a subverter of NEOISM?! , a conspirator against NEOISM?! . Certainly, NEOISM?! is not a school of thought nor reducible to any set of tenets. Those fuckoffs who appear invariably on every list of NEOISM?! — AMEN!, dr Ackerman, Kiki Bonbon, tENTATIVELY a cONVENIENCE, Florian Cramer, Ghera, Volta, David Zack, Boris Wanowitch—are in agreement only on one essential: to do everything in The Name of NEOISM?! . But what they do in The Name of NEOISM?! is completely and totally different. The only essential feature they share is their perfervid individualism, bad taste and hunger for subvertainment and irritainment. The refusal to belong to any school of thought, the repudiation of the adequacy of any beliefs, the resistance to accept any existing systems and a marked dissatisfaction with everything that is controlled and manipulated by academic institutions, by the media or by authoritarian political, social, cultural or technological powers—that is The Heart of NEOISM?! . NEOIST?!s put up signs in the street and in nature that help one get to the dangerous places. NEOISM?! is not an abstraction; it is an activity and practice. It is more like a working method than a philosophy. Anyone who imagines that NEOISM?! will yield results through a purely intellectual, detached comprehension of its basic ideas will be disappointed. NEOISM?! is not a purely theoretical construct; it’s a process. All texts in The Book of NEOISM?! are a guide to that process and an invitation to experience it directly, personally and creatively. NEOISM?! keeps your mind fresh and open to new ideas to the very end. It is a disciplined activity that requires dedication and training. Go to the closest NEOIST?! Bootcamp and get started right away. But the best is if you decide what is NEOISM?! . You can start it by repeating the word NEOISM?! a hundred times in your bathroom, in front of your bathroom mirror. Then you can come out and do the same thing in the living room in front of whoever is at home, your wife and children, your roommates, your neighbors, your parents etc. You can even ask them to do it with you. When they ask you what is NEOISM?! try to give an answer on your own. Tell them that you would just like to learn what is NEOISM?! and you need help. Just improvise something, according to the situation. NEOISM?! is timeless, it always has been and always will be, but it is only in recent times that it has hardened into full-time amusement. NEOISM?! , as SUCK! SUCK! 432 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 433 I’m a really bad writer. I don’t know how to write, writing is painful, I hate to write. But I like the idea of being a great writer. That’s why I plunder from other people; it’s a necessity for me. Otherwise I would never been able to finish this book. For me writing means reading. I read constantly and highlight the phrases I want to plunder. That’s what I call highlightenment. The problems are solved not by giving new information, but by arranging what we have always known. Many thanks to Alain Jouffroy, Karen Farrington, GJ Whitrow, Susan Musgrave, Ludwig Wittgenstein, Alexander Lowen, Anaïs Nin, Henry Miller, Gunther Stuhlmann, Deborah Layton, Antonin Artaud, dr Bruce Goldberg, Milo Rigaud, John W. Campbell, Aldous Huxley, Walter Kaufmann and Friedrich Nietzsche for helping me in my eternal quest for NEOISM?! . Is there something else left to do? Do we need a new revolution? Should we change the World completely and turn it into a video game? Do you think that NEOISM?! is dead? And if it’s dead, who killed it? We have killed it? My ambition to define NEOISM?! means saying in a million sentences what everyone else can say in one short phrase, without writing an endless book. NEOISM?! is direct communication, said the madman, meaning that a book such as The Book of NEOISM?! is absolutely unimportant and basically useless. This book, he cried as he pulled out a thick manuscript from his bag, The Book of NEOISM?! , yet unpublished, not even finished, is the most fuckoff revolutionary and unoriginal work of world literature. Here the madman fell silent and looked again at his listeners; and they too were silent and stared at him in astonishment. At last he threw his iron on the ground, it made some noise and went out. I’ve come too early, he said, it’s not 6 o’clock yet. NEOISM?! is still on its way, still wandering—it has not yet reached the ears of people. In this short script, NEOISM?! is an airplane and Monty Cantsin? is the pilot. During a flight Monty Cantsin? jumps out from the plane, leaving it to fly on its own, unattended, until it crashes. Monty Cantsin? is not a parachutist and he doesn’t have a parachute attached to him. While he is falling he finally feels a very strong affinity to NEOISM?! , like never before. He jumped from the plane but not because he wanted to leave NEOISM?! . In fact, and despite all, the only thing that remains attached to him for his final minutes is NEOISM?! . The abandoned, empty plane crashes somewhere. Monty Cantsin? hits the ground and ends his journey in a remote forest, his body never to be found. With him NEOISM?! also disappears. These kind of melodramatic, decadent, short-circuit scripts are very helpful to understand the nature of this book. The pilot, Monty Cantsin?, just finished his great masterpiece, The Book of NEOISM?! , but instead of looking for a publisher he decided that it would be more appropriate to eliminate it in a very self-destructive way, which, by its unusual design, will make a much more significant mark on NEOISM?! than the book would have created if it were printed and distributed. And anyway there are millions of other Monty Cantsin?s and they can write millions of books about NEOISM?! . The reason he has done this absurd kamikaze act was to inspire them. “But by abandoning NEOISM?! he completely attached himself to it”, commented Indy. “The police found in the wreckage of the plane a short goodbye note” said Bruce, “something like this: ‘I’d like to thank my family and conspirators for loving me and feeding me with great ideas. And the rest of the World can kiss my ass. Fuck NEOISM?! NOW!” SUCK! SUCK! 434 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 435 Monty Cantsin? went to an all-girls Catholic high school. Monty Cantsin? was repressed. Monty Cantsin? became a stripper. And Monty Cantsin? wanted those nasty old nuns to know all about it. Monty Cantsin? is a 21-year-old webmistress who works as a stripper in New York City. She became Monty Cantsin? two years ago when she started taking it all off to put herself through a college computer-graphics program. Soon after, she launched Monty Cantsin?’s Playhouse (www.NEOISM?!.cum), where anyone with a credit card can click to see her silicon-enhanced chest. But she yearned to reveal the real ins and outs of her private life. What was this tech-savvy exotic dancer to do? Write her book of NEOISM?! and post it online, naturally. Follow Monty Cantsin? on her journeys to the Pink Pussycat boutique to buy vibrators for her friends, family and pets. Tag along down the path of sin as she dances for the ‘wanker conspirators’ who pay her to ‘subvert erotic taste’. Mostly, though, read about her love life: with her mom and dad, brother and sister, teacher, priest, family doctor, lost dogs, tools, furniture etc. Consider now, O reader! What trust can we place in the ancients, who tried to define what the Soul and Life are—which is beyond proof—whereas NEOISM?! , which can at any time be clearly known and proved by experience, remained for many centuries unknown or falsely understood. Experience has been The Mistress of NEOISM?! and so as mistress I will cite NEOISM?! in every definition. Many will think that they can with reason blame me, alleging that my proofs are contrary to the authority of certain people held in great reverence by their inexperienced judgments, not considering that NEOISM?! is the issue of simple and plain experience, which is the true mistress. NEOISM?! enables you to know the true from the false—and this induces conspirators to look for ideas that are convulsive and subversive—and NEOISM?! forbids you to be ignorant, which will bring about that you attain great results and never abandon NEOISM?! to melancholy. True it is that impatience, The Mother of NEOISM?! , is she who praises brevity, as if people had not life long enough to acquire a complete knowledge of one single subject, such as NEOISM?! . And they want to comprehend NEOISM?! , which embraces the whole Universe, weighing and mincing it into infinite parts as if they had dissected it. O human stupidity! Do you not perceive that you have spent your whole life with NEOISM?! , and yet are not aware of it? NEOISM?! has its origin in our perceptions. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE SUPPLEMENT Confusion is the basis of our understanding immediate knowledge SUPPLEMENT 436 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 437 To me it seems that all sciences are vain and full of errors that are not born of NEOISM?! , mother of subvertainment, and that are not tested by NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is clamor. Therefore, where there are quarrels, there is NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is controversial: where conclusions have been made, uncertainty will arise. NEOISM?! is reborn through confusion. Beware of the teachings of your professors whose reasoning is not confirmed by NEOISM?! . The Idea of NEOISM?! , and the word itself in its general uses, came into use in the period that we commonly describe as that of the NEOIST?! Conspiracy. But this book is not an attempt to show how and why this happened, or to follow the idea through to this very instant. This book is not a historical account of NEOISM?! even if there are parts referring to events, actions, performances. This is a book of endless definitions in response to the eternal question that drives us crazy each time we are confronted with it: What the fuck is NEOISM?! . In the late 70s a number of words acquired new and important meanings. Five words are the key points from which The Origin of NEOISM?! can be drawn. They are nothing, everything, anything, sex and misery. The importance of these words, in our high-tech social structure of meanings, is obvious. The changes in their use, at this critical period, bear witness to a general change in our characteristic ways of thinking about NEOISM?! . The first important word is “nothing”, and the period in which its use changes is the period that we now call the NEOIST?! Conspiracy. “Nothing” before this period was a name for a particular human attribute, which could be paraphrased as “empty fridge, empty bottles, social vacuum, official culture, welfare checks”. This use of “nothing” of course survives. But in the late 70s, “nothing” came also to mean something else; it became a collective word to define what NEOISM?! stands for in our critically concerned society led by postmodern bureaucracy. Monty Cantsin?, in The Health of Beggars, 1976, is one of the first writers to use the word in this way, and from this time the development of the use is assured. As NEOISM?! is defined simply as nothing: NEOISM?! is nothing. The second important word is “everything”, which had been known as a term for “all the fucking problems” just as well as “the endless list of things missing from one’s life”. After the NEOIST?! Conspiracy the meaning of “everything” was extended, and it became attached to NEOISM?! , describing NEOISM?! as an oppositional force to itself, in other words to nothing (NEOISM?! is nothing), and therefore defining NEOISM?! as everything. As opposed to nothing, NEOISM?! is everything. “I’ll brainwash you by the billions to give you immortality” is one of the favorite lines of Monty Cantsin? to begin his speeches. “I’ll set fire to your cities to illuminate your mind and make you understand NEOISM?! .” And to make it an even stronger dramatic effect he takes a deep breath adding it through a megaphony: “I’ll demolish New York City to save your life from the apocalypse!” Dear Kantor, dear Monty Cantsin?, you asked me to comment on NEOISM?! and I shall do so, even though I’m not really sure if I know the words that can adequately describe NEOISM?! and fully interpret my feelings about NEOISM?! . I am Monty Cantsin? too and I have been part of the conspiracy for many years, maybe a thousand years, maybe only a decade. I’m not sure, but I’m definitely sure that my mind, soul and body are committed to NEOISM?! . For me NEOISM?! is the twilight zone. I was always a fan of pulp fiction, you know that. And then later I went into writing scifi fantasy and joined NEOISM?! . What I was interested about how scifi can transcend empty escapism and enter The Real Revolutionary Drama of NEOISM?! , not only meaning medical experiments with immortality, philosophical lessons from extraterrestrial visitors, living in the fifth dimension and such, but also investigating poetical survival through subverting the ultimate uselessness of humanity and the futility of life. I know you are much more attached to everyday reality and for you crossing into the twilight zone only means a commercial television series produced to entertain the masses and keep them staring at the shiny screen. But instead of trying to figure out a coup d’état in Hungary during an Apartment Festival in Budapest, like you tried in 1997, we could somehow figure out how to enter this twilight zone and get the attention of millions of people through the sixth dimension, The Dimension of NEOISM?! . Could we do that? The eye, which is called The Window of NEOISM?! , is the chief means whereby the understanding may most fully and abundantly appreciate The Infinite Works of NEOISM?! . I collect as many definitions of NEOISM?! as possible and then wait to see which are important and which are not. This process of course results in a certain quota of nonsense. NEOISM?! can also be defined as irrepressible verbal aggressiveness. NEOISM?! never errs. It is your judgment that errs in promising itself results that are not caused by NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! does not err, it is your judgment that errs in expecting from NEOISM?! what is not in her power. NEOISM?! , like a ghost, often gets locked in a closet with other possessions of the dweller and can be heard rustling among the dresses. Collecting definitions about NEOISM?! is tedious and awkward. Let NEOISM?! alone, and rather turn your complaints against your own ignorance, which causes you to be carried away by your vain and foolish desires as to expect from NEOISM?! things that are not within her power. Yes, NEOISM?! is fallacious. NEOISM?! never occurs when things are certain. NEOISM?! is a purely speculative science of deceptive origin. SUPPLEMENT SUPPLEMENT 438 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 439 Unfortunately we can’t say that. Basically nothing has changed in that sense, misery stayed misery, except that misery got associated with NEOISM?! , due to the simple fact that being associated with NEOISM?! meant misery. And it still means the same thing. NEOISM?! is misery. As a slogan on a propaganda poster this definition would be perhaps not very useful to recruit new members for the Conspiracy. I would rather use the previous one, I repeat: NEOISM?! is sex. My name is Monty Cantsin?. I’m 5’3”, 32B-22-32, 105lbs, with green eyes and blonde hair that ends just below my shoulders. I’m about as female as they come. This is the story of the night I met Monty Cantsin? at a dance club. I really thought at first that we’d just talk for a while; I wasn’t out to pick up anyone—male or female or transsexual. We talked for quite some time, in fact, about revolution, terrorism, domestic subversion, psychotronic communication, NEOISM?! ; we covered just about everything from flaming steamirons to 6 o’clock via coat hanger transmission, Blood Campaign, file cabinets. We bought each other vegetable drinks; we split an order of chapaties, listened to the pulsating noise and had a really great 6 o’clock. After quite a few red and green drinks and a lot of epileptic shaking on the dance floor, Monty Cantsin? said to me, “I really should go and flame a steamiron. Come with me?” Once we were in the ladies room, sparks began to fly. She touched my six-fingered hand briefly, and when I didn’t pull away, she ran her fingertips gently along the palm of my wrist. I shivered at her touch. I returned Monty Cantsin?’s caress with one of my own, along the back of her hand down to her sixth finger. She leaned closer to me our fingertips touching, and her breath light on my cheek. I looked up into her eyes and nearly melted. She bent her head, and her lips brushed mine. I felt a spark begin at that touch and travel down my spine, radiating out along my arms to our still-touching fingers and further down my back, ending in a small explosion between my quaking legs. “NEOISM?! ”, Monty Cantsin? moaned. “Did you just felt what I did?” “Yes, I’m sure I did”, I replied. “I felt NEOISM?! right between my legs.” “Maybe we can explore that a little more later at the NEOIST?! Headquarters?” Another brush of our lips and we composed ourselves, returning to the tables along the bar. We had barely made it into our chairs when two military looking Monty Cantsin?s wearing horse riding pants and holding steamirons in their right hand, came over and began a conversation. Their lines had “NEOISM?! ” written all over them, but I decided to play along for a while. Due to the speedy development of the NEOIST?! Conspiracy in the late 70s and early 80s, The Language of NEOISM?! has been added with countless important words, all of them defining the same subject, NEOISM?! , in many different ways. NEOISM?! is the (dis)Order of the Attention Deficit, reserved for revolutionaries. NEOISM?! is the suicide of God. NEOISM?! is the action of philosophy. It was sometimes too tiring, sometimes too boring to repeat all the million definitions describing The Contradictory Nature of NEOISM?! . Therefore instead of trying to say NEOISM?! is this and NEOISM?! is that it was easier to simply declare that NEOISM?! can be just anything. Thus came into the picture the third very important word: “anything”. While NEOISM?! is both nothing and everything, it is also anything. Of course through the interaction of these words NEOISM?! became even richer in meaning. Everything is nothing, nothing is everything, anything is anything, anything is everything that is nothing etc. But going back to the five important words, the next we are confronted with is “sex”. Before the NEOIST?! Conspiracy “sex” has been just as good as after, however The New Epoch of NEOISM?! brought a new meaning to “sex”. Apparently, and this is to be checked by you as a personal experience, the best place to explain and to understand NEOISM?! is in bed or anywhere else while having sex. Perhaps you can read The Book of NEOISM?! to your partner while she or he is fucking you in the ass, or you can just have sex in The Name of NEOISM?! without actually reading the book, and define a blowjob in terms of NEOISM?! . There are lots of other examples of course, we have already emphasized this in other parts of this book, so let your imagination work and figure out for yourself what are the best sexual methods to follow in order to learn more about NEOISM?! . By even just repeating the word NEOISM?! a few times you can achieve an orgasm. Because NEOISM?! is sex. What a simple and unsurpassable definition! I think I heard that before. I repeat: NEOISM?! is sex. And finally here is the fifth important word: “misery”. Its meaning changed in the same critical period of the NEOIST?! Conspiracy, during the late 70s and early 80s. “Stop Misery!” has been one of the best known NEOIST?! slogans throughout the 80s. The empty refrigerator and the empty bottles (a variety of beer, wine and hard liquor), already used above as associative elements, as terms of reference, to understand the original meaning of the first important word, “nothing”, are again very useful here to remind us what “misery” meant before the NEOIST?! Conspiracy. We could also make notes about our survival strategy to beat misery that included the consummation of limitless amount of chapaties, bagels, rice, noodles and donuts. And what happened after the NEOIST?! Revolution? There was no more misery? SUPPLEMENT SUPPLEMENT 440 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 441 NEOISM?! can be only approached with no concrete need for comprehension, with a taste for obscurity and confusion. We went to the coatroom and collected our jackets, then headed out to the parking lot. “I never really understood The True Meaning of NEOISM?! ”, I confessed as we were walking through the cars, “would you help me tonight?” We got to Monty Cantsin?’s car first. Mine was two rows away. Monty Cantsin? said: “I live out to the north, about 20 miles away. How far are you?” I fumbled for just a second, expecting her to say that she had to get home and sleep so that she could catch her plane, but then recovered and replied, “about 10 to 15 miles”. “Great,” she replied, “and that puts me a lot closer to the airport, too. So I’ll follow you, OK?” I said, “Sure, mine’s the red pick-up over there.” I gave her a simplified set of directions, including where I’d pull over if we got separated, and then went over to my little truck. All the way to my headquarters, I was rubbing my thighs together, trying to control myself—especially since we really hadn’t committed ourselves to NEOISM?! (or at least that’s what I kept telling myself, in case it was true, even though I didn’t believe in NEOISM?! ...). NEOISM?! is the fundamental experience of everyday struggle, a guidance for revolting or self-destruction. When we arrived, I showed Monty Cantsin? where to leave her car, put my pickup in the garage, then led her through my basement to impress her with my machines, robots and other mechanical devices I stored there. We were barely inside and she was already tearing off my clothes. She had gotten my jacket off and my blouse unbuttoned (revealing the silk cami that covered my braless chest), and as I led her through the house, in a direct line to the bedroom, she managed to unzip and remove my skirt as well. Finally we got to the bedroom (my house had never seemed so big). Monty Cantsin? looked hungrily at me, her eyes moving downward to take in the royal blue camisole, garter belt, g-string and stockings. I let her finish, and as her eyes returned to lock on mine, I pushed her back on the bed and began to unbutton her dress. The buttons ran all the way from top to hem—countless small buttons that frustrated me as I tried to get them open. NEOISM?! is tested and characterized by the way in which it appropriates history. NEOISM?! makes itself audible in old thoughts. What was once life becomes a pile of dead husks of concepts and this accumulating shit in turn becomes NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! represents the ultimate conclusion to sex because we must experience sex before we can find out what values NEOISM?! really has. When neither was looking my way, I caught Monty Cantsin?’s eye and winked; she acknowledged with a quick nod—we would have some fun with these two illegal aliens. The Content of NEOISM?! depends upon appropriating the historical foundation. The Power of NEOISM?! lies in the reuse and recycling of what has been available to us. All appropriation proceeds from The Intentness of NEOISM?! . The more determinedly I exist, as myself, within The Conditions of NEOISM?! , the more clearly I shall hear the noise of confusion, the nearer I shall fell the blow of misery. After an hour or two of subversive essays about NEOISM?! , they bought us fresh juices, and they suggested that we dance to The Beat of NEOISM?! . The four of us trailed off to the dance floor, flamed our steamirons and spent the next century gyrating to The Beat of NEOISM?! . Then the DJ put on a slow, boring song. Monty Cantsin? took me in his arms and pulled me close while Monty Cantsin? did the same with Monty Cantsin?. As we shuffled around the floor, I felt something growing larger between Monty Cantsin?’s legs. I ground my hips into his, just to see what would happen. As I expected his cock hardened and his hands moved down my back, stopping at the very top of my ass. The song trailed off into another slow number, and Monty Cantsin? inched his hand slowly downward. I didn’t encourage him any more, but I didn’t resist either. As the song drew to an end, Monty Cantsin? had finally worked his hands down to cup my cheeks. The DJ had evidently noticed that the crowd was thinning out at the bar, as well as on the dance floor, because he launched right back into a hard-driving trans-electro-shock number. I broke away from Monty Cantsin?, noticing his somewhat startled look out of the corner of my eye. Evidently this was not part of the Six Finger Plan. NEOISM?! demands no penetration into its texts but only a play with words and actions that are part of a game. I turned to see Monty Cantsin?, with Monty Cantsin? trailing puppy-like behind, moving in our direction. “Thanks for the dances, aliens. It was nice to see you and talk about revolution. But I really do have to be getting back to my headquarters.” Monty Cantsin? turned to Monty Cantsin? and, glancing at her watch, said, “It’s 6 o’clock! I’d better be leaving too. I’ve got to catch a plane tomorrow morning to Akademgorod for the One Millionth International Apartment Festival.” I was a bit startled when she mentioned the Apartment Festival, but just let it go for the time being, since it neatly disengaged us from the aliens. SUPPLEMENT SUPPLEMENT 442 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 443 responsibility it takes to satisfy the spiritual needs of people standing in the freezing night! What great ideas and thoughts we must bring to them. With the straps out of the way, I began kissing her upper chest, my lips occasionally straying down under the upper lip of her teddy. Eventually, I reached up and pulled the straps down further. Monty Cantsin? helped me by pulling her arms up through them without my having to pull the top down any further. It was like she could read my mind; she knew so well what I wanted to do to turn her on! NEOISM?! has to give a total human experience, which an audience could feel with its whole being. People are passionately waiting for a hero who would fearlessly proclaim the truth suppressed by the government and censorship. Of course my next action was to take the top of her teddy between my teeth and pull it slowly downward, revealing her gorgeous tits—firm 36D tits, with large, dark aureoles, and lovely firm nipples. I started licking them like crazy—I couldn’t control myself any longer, I just had to nibble, lick and suckle at her breast! Her nipples began growing, and getting firmer—so incredible hard! I positioned myself straddling her with one knee between her legs, and she began grinding her mound against my thigh. I could feel her wetness beginning to seep through her silk crotch. She was totally into NEOISM?! —writhing beneath me, her head moving from side to side, and her hips grinding in slow figure eights. NEOISM?! is to remove all that is fake, take off what is false and be real. But then you realize that what is fake, what is false and unreal is also NEOISM?! . I finally tore myself away from her chest to continue downward, across her silk-covered stomach, kissing her through the fabric. There was no time for analyzing physical tensions, lack of vocal stamina, general lack of control over the actions. Everything happened without any control over the script and the acting, in an improvised manner. The hours I spent in front of the mirror masturbating, watching myself to learn the best positions, now paid off. By the time I was at her crotch, her teddy was completely soaked between her legs. I couldn’t wait any longer; she smelled so delicious—I ripped the straps off the teddy and dove into her. She tasted heavenly—sweet, but just a little tartness. I put my hand under her and lifted her by her ass cheeks, then licked her from her ass to her pubic hair. I moved back to her pussy-hole and lapped up her juice, savoring it as I licked her. I moved up to her clit, and she went crazy, bucking up into me. I slid down a bit further so I could bring a finger up to her cunt. Genius is inspired by truth and beauty, while ungifted people need a screen to hide the poverty of their talent and imagination, NEOISM?! clearly shows what to avoid. As I moved downward, her dress parted to reveal a red-and-black silk gartered teddy, which held up her black fishnet stockings. I licked my lips in anticipation, hardly waiting to completely unwrap this lovely package. “Are you looking for The True Meaning of NEOISM?! ”, she laughed at me, “You should know by now that all definitions are different!” I started kissing her: first, gently brushing her cheek, then lightly on her lips, and then more and more as she thrust her tongue between my lips and through hers, our mouths joined together, tongues intertwined, fighting each other to drive even deeper... and then backing off to nibble on her lips, as she licked mine. None of us were speaking in our natural voices, but in a totally artificial tone, our words were delivered in a loud voice and they were accompanied by gestures. The words “fuck”, “suck”, “lick”, “eat me”, “push”, “NEOISM?! ” were shouted as loudly as possible. Our facial expressions remained tense and unnatural. Heavy breathing added extra noise. I tried to be myself without trying to get into the skin of a pornstar. Not that I don’t like pornstars but there was no reason for exaggerating my gestures and movements, I went with the nature my body suggested. I remembered Stanislavski’s method but I wasn’t sure if the dramatic elements of my performance were necessarily theater related. First of all I wanted to transmit some ideas to my partner. We tasted and then thrust once again. I broke away to continue my exploration, trailing kisses down her neck and behind her ears, and then on down to her shoulders. I nibbled at her earlobe and then blew gently into her ear; she tensed at that, and then her pelvis lunged as I thrust my tongue in. Our performance implied the indiscriminate reproduction of the surface of life, the quest for the perfect orgasmic stage. At one moment I felt that we don’t yet have enough knowledge to penetrate—not only with our sex tools, but also with our overexcited mind—into each other. While naturalism can be poisonous to theater, for having sex it’s the way to go. Fuck Stanislavski now, and all the theoretical aspects of the theater of sex. I teased her ear a moment longer then began kissing my way down her jaw to her throat, then across to her shoulder. I gently kissed and licked from one shoulder to the other and back, and then, hooking one strap of her teddy in my teeth, pulled it down over her shoulder. I moved back across her, my lips trailing lightly over her skin, to do the same to the other strap. She shivered at the touch of my lips on her smooth flesh. Flashes of memory paralyzed me for a few seconds. Some people were warming themselves at the bonfires, rubbing their hands, legs, ears, others were standing in groups, arguing spiritedly about NEOISM?! . What huge SUPPLEMENT SUPPLEMENT 444 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 445 I had planned to start with it on her, then after some more sucking on her cock, straddle her and slide it into my own cunt, but Monty Cantsin? had a different idea of NEOISM?! . She pulled me back down onto the bed and flipped me over onto my back, then practically ripped off my g-string and spread my legs. She briefly felt my pussy with her fingers, and finding it soaked, shoved the dildo deep into my hot hole in one fast stroke. She stroked the dildo in and out a few times to get me even hotter, then went back to giving me a blow job—but this time, it was definitely my cock that was getting the workout! The way she worked over that dildo, with licks and kisses, long and short strokes and teasing squeezes, I was pretty close cumming. Imagine that you have been put on show in a very high place, in Red Square, or Tiananmen Square, in front of a million people. Next to you they put another person, perhaps someone you have never met before, a man or woman or transgender person or an alien, doesn’t matter. You are ordered to fall in love with this person, publicly, so deeply, in fact, that you go out of your mind and commit suicide. A million pairs of eyes are fixed on you, waiting for you to make them cry, a million hearts are waiting to be moved by your ideal, passionate, selfless love. That’s what they paid for and that’s what they expect. You have to yell your words of love that normally you would whisper. Everyone wants to see and hear you. Can you under such conditions think about love? Can you, indeed, experience love and the feelings and gestures love implies? All you can do is stretch and strain, use all your efforts in a futile attempt to reach NEOISM?! , the impossible end. Then suddenly she stopped, stood up and slowly stripped off her teddy. I watched her strip, unconsciously stroking that two-ended cock in and out (just like I’ve seen guys do when I’ve stripped for them), simmering close to orgasm. Wearing only her fishnet stockings, Monty Cantsin? knelt back down and straddled me, once again sucking and stroking my latex cock. She straightened up on her knees, and reached down between her legs to get her hands wet with her pussy juice, then she lubed the dildo with it. She stroked it some more, then when I was on the edge of cumming she slowly began lowering herself, her pussy once again glistening with her juices, onto my cock. I began thrashing around, pumping my pelvis up to meet her. She settled down onto me, and our pussies ground together as the dildo became buried deeper in our cunts. NEOISM?! is practical activity, although a unique kind of activity. Monty Cantsin? started moaning again herself, and then she began humping up and down, slowly thrusting the cock in and out of both our cunts. We must have been at it for over an hour, cumming together and alternately, before she finally collapsed on top of me, exhausted. and so they go by old clichés and traditions. The Task of NEOISM?! is to banish outmoded tradition and routine and to give more scope to fantasy and creation. I slid it slowly from her curly-haired mound, past her throbbing clit and down her slit, passing between her inner and outer lips and ending by teasing her anus. I drew it back upwards as my mouth returned to suck on her clit, and came to rest poised at her hot opening. With cliché-chains one cannot reach the depth of the human soul. These chains prevent us from being guided by the most important director of sex—NEOISM?! . Breaking the chains, the rules, is the first and most important action, otherwise NEOISM?! is devoid of the genuine human truth. No more routine sets of gestures! To be able to perform in porn, apart from talent and other essential gifts, one needs to acquire a measure of control over one’s nerves and a good measure of self-confidence. Monty Cantsin? was wriggling her ass in an attempt to capture my finger, but I held back and slowly inserted it into her pulsating hole. She began to cum almost immediately, her pussy drawing my finger in and rippling against it. I felt her let go and thrust another finger inside, thrusting in and out as my lips and tongue worked over her engorged clit. She just continued cumming, and finally I stopped as she writhed, gasping for breath, underneath me. NEOISM?! demands something special that is not to be found in life. So the task is to bring NEOISM?! into porn in order to understand its creative force. I moved over to lie beside her and hold her as she calmed down and regained her composure. When she seemed to have come back into the World, I said to her, “I’ve got a toy that I’ve just been dying to try out”. I slid across the bed and reached into the drawer, pulling out what has got to be the World’s largest double-headed dildo. I saw it once in a catalog, and knew I just had to have one; I ordered it and it had just come in. NEOISM?! grew in me through finding myself in the midst of life itself. Monty Cantsin? felt a constant need to move forward. Her greatest fear was stagnation. The moment when what had been fresh and new became routine and mechanical she would strike out in a new direction. She was full of ideas, confident and articulate in a way only few people can be. The time had come for a new vision. Long live the performer who can free herself from the tyranny of the director, who has developed a virtuoso technique, trained her body, voice, facial expressions, can control the function of her genitals without ruining the culmination of orgasmic vextasy. The ultimate responsibility for a performer’s artistic development lay not with the directors and producers but with the actor. Monty Cantsin? looked at me, then at the rubber cock, and reached out for it. She took one end in her hand and drew it up to her mouth, and then started on the most sensuous cock sucking that I have ever seen. I kept hold of the other end, and began duplicating her movements. SUPPLEMENT SUPPLEMENT 446 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 447 to those with the (dis)Order of the Attention Deficit. It’s not necessary to take pains with every single sentence in order to become conscious of every nuance of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the supreme, even the sole, concern of individual survival. NEOISM?! is a solitary, but vast moment of a new millennium, emerging from countless different sources. It is real by virtue of an unprecedented accumulation of information. NEOISM?! can be judged by the depths it reaches in making historical origins its own. Though too immense to be envisaged as one single idea, NEOISM?! encompasses us nevertheless as a world. None can attain The Concrete Nearness of NEOISM?! due to its immensity and the evocative tones of its multiplicity. The ecstatic state of mind in The Instant-Zen of NEOISM?! can be produced by meditation, fasting, yoga exercises, extrasensory activation and the ingestion of foods and drugs. NEOISM?! is wrapped in a flame-colored cloud that makes you think of fire, but the flames are within the self, an intellectual illumination that can be described only as the immense joyousness of an orgasm. What has been written down can be rediscovered again and again: at any time NEOISM?! can spark a blaze. NEOISM?! vibrates with noise, police megaphonys, sirens, clanks of control, bouncing beds, orgasmic screams, machineguns, crying children, window smashing, falling angels, meteorites, prophecies, volcanic eruptions… As I already mentioned above, The Power of NEOISM?! lies in the reuse and recycling of what has been available to us. Though during the past couple of days I have been reading many books at once, I used only a few for the making of this chapter. I note that I received help along the way from actors of writing this text is essentially my own creation including some ideas of Leonardo da Vinci, Raymond Williams, Karen Farrington, Rainer Maria Rilke, Timothy Leary, William James, Jean Benedetti, Konstantin Stanislavski, Karl Jaspers. The Idea of NEOISM?! would be simpler if it had been a response to misery and sex only, but it was also, quite evidently, a response to the new political and social developments in the late 70s and early 80s. NEOISM?! was a complex and radical response to the new problems of cultural oppression, slowly but surely built up by the postmodern institutional system. NEOISM?! is governed by the power of words. The Book of NEOISM?! does more for NEOISM?! than an army of NEOIST?!s . Monty Cantsin? sat in front of stacks of index cards, each with a definition of NEOISM?! written on it. This massive collection of index cards represented 20 years of reading, highlighting sentences, hunting for vital clues to demystify NEOISM?! . For months he flipped through the cards, mentally juggled definitions and his own reflections and typed everything into his computer. The Book of NEOISM?! was about to be created. “Clear prose indicates the absence of thought!” Monty Cantsin? insisted in an interview a few years later. He maintained that his sweeping and startling denotations of nonsense were intended to poke the sleepwalking readers in the ribs. Highly polished and measured prose merely served to lull such readers into even less alert states of mind. NEOISM?! needs passionate readers, not just readers but fully devoted conspirators. “I have written as if I had the freedom of a prisoner in a high-security prison where nobody cares what the prisoner scribbles on toilet paper or sandwich bags as long as he follows the daily rules.” The Book of NEOISM?! is a hodgepodge. Plundered ideas from hundreds of authors interrupted every so often by Monty Cantsin?’s own ruminations. The Book of NEOISM?! has no beginning and no end, in other words the beginning and ending sections could have been switched around without making any difference in the coherence of the text, or let’s say almost any part of the text could have been placed in almost any other part without interfering with the development of the book’s main subject: The Manifesto of NEOISM?! . No, I’m not going to get into explanations of the historical background of that epoch. All I want is to collect more confusing definitions of NEOISM?! . And in order to do this I have to return now to my research. Though I consider myself a professional NEOIST?! (I used to have a “professional NEOIST?! ” rubber stamp that I employed as my signature until it got stolen by another professional NEOIST?! ), I have never been able to make NEOISM?! into my profession. On the other hand since I do everything in The Name of NEOISM?! , whatever I do is NEOISM?! , even I am NEOISM?! , therefore, in that sense, I can say that my occupation is NEOISM?! . Contemplation on the subversive aspects of living, convulsive exercising, research for new ideas, continual intercourse with timeless things (like file cabinets for example), resistance to everything that is part of the mainstream postmodern aesthetics, are the purpose and meaning of my life activities, in other words NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! does not necessitate the realization of a complete philosophical doctrine that makes the rules for its followers. NEOISM?! rather appeals SUPPLEMENT SUPPLEMENT 448 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 449 F or those who are eagerly waiting to learn who is Monty Cantsin? and are determined to absorb The True Meaning of NEOISM?! , this book has already provided a vast amount of information on the many possibilities. But lately, doing my scientific research and laboratory observation with increasing devotion and enthusiasm, I have discovered more very surprising facts on these subjects, enlarging the horizon of the open-pop-star mystery and The Timeless Zone of NEOISM?! . Monty Cantsin? is a hyper-intelligent creature with the ancestry of a human but he is more Martian than human. He thinks like a Martian, feels like a Martian. He’s been brought up by a race that has nothing in common with human life— they don’t even have sex. He’s human by ancestry, Martian by environment. Chained to Monty Cantsin? forever, NEOISM?! is both the reward and punishment of Monty Cantsin?. The Definition of NEOISM?! (what definition?) cannot be complete without the definition of Monty Cantsin?. “Who is Monty Cantsin??” therefore I ask (and I repeat it countless times every day), and my answer is the same as always has been: “Anyone can be Monty Cantsin?.” Monty Cantsin? is only a name, the name of the open-pop-star creature, that can be used by anyone who wishes to become Monty Cantsin?. But why would someone want to become Monty Cantsin?? From where is that urge arising? And what are the motivating forces? When David Zack proposed the name to Istvan Kantor, Kantor didn’t ask why, he just started using it. He didn’t even understand anything that Zack was mumbling, rattling or screaming about when he introduced the open-pop-star concept to Kantor. Not only because of Zack’s sometimes monotonous, sometimes hysterical but always confused style and misleading verbal communication manners, or the fact that while he was explaining his incoherent theory he also played several musical instruments, like cello, tenor guitar, drums, hurdy-gurdy and toy saxophone, but also because Kantor didn’t speak English at all. So he just kept listening, and, being a singer, after a while he joined in, singing popular Hungarian folk and revolutionary songs to the wailing noise of Zack’s relentless lamentation. As a direct result of this very fertile musical correspondence, NEOISM?! was born. That’s a remark that lazy historians would make in order to shorten the necessity of their research. The real fact is that NEOISM?! had to wait another few years to be declared to the entire World. But since this is not supposed to be a history book, I’m not going to elaborate on this subject. What I can say is that the moment I started using the name, I became Monty Cantsin, the open-pop-star, without a questionmark and bold font style. I added the questionmark only many years later, while working on this book, in order to emphasize on the unknown mystery behind the name. TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE FRANKENSTEIN SURFEIT FRANKENSTEIN 450 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 451 Institute, NEOIST?! Embassy, these are usually more or less fictional agencies, pseudo organizations, representing mostly a single individual with a residential address. Though many times these individuals undertake organizational work in order to bring together an Apartment Festival for example, they work completely on their own and without the structural basis of a real organization. NEOISM?! starts as a self-development of the individual in communication with the individual (direct meeting, mailing information, e-mail, telephone). It continues with the development of the individual into community (training camp events, Apartment Festivals, propaganda campaigns, street interventions etc). Though the next step would be, according to The Theoretical Purpose of NEOISM?! , worldwide communication, and, according to The Megalomaniac Goal of NEOISM?! , “total takeover” of the present, from experience we know that from the community, NEOISM?! passes directly to a pseudo-history of NEOIST?! mythology (Akademgorod, The Promised Land of NEOISM?! , eternal glory, printed matter, photo, film, video, websites), without breaking with contemporary life. For the freedom that can be attained in NEOISM?! cannot be handed down by the doctrine of an institution. Institutionalization is The Ruin of NEOISM?! . It is the effort to live for and on behalf of NEOISM?! , but results are shown only through indirect hints and through the means of personal communication, mostly without any objective certainty. Throughout his career Monty Cantsin? would insist that the blood-X actions of his Blood Campaign were not just individual interventions to gain media attention for himself but pretexts for subverting the established order of institutions and the power of corporations, integrating NEOISM?! into the everyday struggle for total freedom, and politicizing the growing NEOIST?! Network. Monty Cantsin? preached The Word of NEOISM?! in the streets, in parks and anywhere he could blow his megaphony. Eventually he summed up his message in his sonic-manifesto/sermon, “The Anti-Cycles of Megaphony”. Although Monty Cantsin? never ceased his appropriation of the philosophical, historical, religious, creative or scientific literature that served him to develop The Idea of NEOISM?! , he increasingly attacked all existing political doctrines, mainstream idealogies and media propaganda for being authoritarian, oppressive and only serving the interest of the rich and the powerful. Packing performance spaces, abandoned buildings, concert halls, theaters, clubs, bars, galleries with his live actions, songs and speeches, noise and machinery concerts, robotic file-cabinet gang bangs, machine sex extravaganza and telekinetic coat-hanger power, Monty Cantsin? would insist not only that NEOISM?! be radically integrated into the socio-cultural heritage Like the never-ending stream of The Definitions of NEOISM?! , there are a countless number of Monty Cantsin?s, too, and they are all different. Monty Cantsin?, the mother of Monty Cantsin?, daydreamed on her bus rides to the Blood Factory about being an anthropologist in Akadegorod and receiving a visitation from her dead mother (also a former Monty Cantsin?) announcing that she would give birth to The Messiah of NEOISM?! , Monty Cantsin?. As a child, Monty Cantsin? seems to have had a natural affinity for animals, taking stray dogs, cats and barnyard animals into the garage. On the second floor of the garage Monty Cantsin? set up a makeshift church where he preached to neighborhood children as well as to the animals. Her mother, also a Monty Cantsin?, wrote short stories about her son, Monty Cantsin?, NEOISM?! and the many animals they took into their home. Monty Cantsin? named each of her many animals also Monty Cantsin?. Monty Cantsin?, the young child, was the ‘Dennis the Menace of Lynn, Indiana’, inclined to greet the neighbors by shouting “Good morning, you son of a bitch!”. At the age of six, Monty Cantsin? already knew what she wanted from life—to be a subversive element, something we sometime refer to as a revolutionary, a rebel, a criminal or even as a Monty Cantsin?. Frustrated and discouraged by her parents, who forbade her to waste valuable study time setting the neighbor’s house on fire or robbing the corner store after school, Monty Cantsin? ran away at the age of 14. Seduced by the freedom and independence that life on the streets seemed to offer, she was soon trapped in a downward spiral of drug addiction and prostitution. But through it all Monty Cantsin? remained faithful to her ideas, and dedicated to her dream of becoming the greatest NEOIST?! of all time, a devoted and true Monty Cantsin?. Monty Cantsin? was a man of contradictions. He was a committed revolutionary and a self-absorbed bourgeois, a faithful husband and a genuine bohemian. The clash of the hidden Monty Cantsin? and the parading frontman made for the incredible, uneven and confused life that is captured in this book. Monty Cantsin? never stopped trying to make sense of himself, his place and the misery dealt to him by NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! has no institutional reality and is not in competition with the church, the state and other authorities of the World. Besieged by redneck mentalities from all around the World, Monty Cantsin? developed two areas of concern that would occupy him for the rest of his life: open-pop-star integration and NEOISM?! . Though NEOISM?! is organized through its members and most NEOIST?!s claim to run some kind of office, like for example NEOIST?! Research Center, Agenzia Neoista, NEOIST?! Headquarters, NEOIST?! Propaganda FRANKENSTEIN FRANKENSTEIN 452 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 453 NEOISM?! provides the basis for all human existance and compels the unpredictable transmutation of all conditions. Its contents cause wonder and ever-greater wonder. NEOISM?! cannot be avoided. NEOISM?! is more radical than ever, both in the precision of its methods and in its consequences. The question “What is NEOISM?! ?” therefore becomes more concrete and at the same time more inexorable. NEOISM?! seeks relief in vain in the erotic or the irrational until it leads eventually to a deep comprehension of the importance of subvertainment. We experience NEOISM?! as our ability to confuse and as our realization of the World through convulsion and negation. The Knowledge of NEOISM?! never fails in the face of the ultimate question: what time is it?, what NEOISM?! is it? The answer is always the same: it’s 6 o’clock. NEOISM?! causes a confusion in which being and truth vanish. NEOISM?! is more than what we call NEOISM?! . We want to grasp NEOISM?! itself, the way it becomes a new, more urgent, more exciting, more confusing task. This confusion in NEOISM?! is intensified as a result of the process of making The Definition of NEOISM?! impossible. The Thesis of NEOISM?! is impossible: confusion alone is the real NEOISM?! . To be certain of that is the only thing that matters. Everything else follows from that. In NEOISM?! alone there is the immutability of being impossible. In NEOISM?! there is nothing, and what is there is in relation to nothing. NEOISM?! , if it exists, is only as it appears to us in the World: misery. Although in the World only NEOISM?! is reality, for us that does not preclude that precisely the quest for NEOISM?! leads to a fiction: Akademgorod, The Promised Land of NEOISM?! . That NEOISM?! alone is truly reality does not preclude that this reality is accessible to us only in the world of mythology. NEOISM?! is endless babble. I cling to NEOISM?! with the strength of a ravenous lion attacking his prey. NEOISM?! is re-entering the real World through the primitive, the wild, the violent. My body is altered because of The Excruciating Torture of NEOISM?! . I’m a mess of flesh and bone and confusion. NEOISM?! represents the hermaphroditic principle that symbolizes a union of opposites. NEOISM?! pays homage to a universal principle that is at once male and female. In NEOISM?! the male and female not only exist simultaneously, but complement one another. NEOISM?! represents the unity of personality, a wholeness indicating the union between conscious and unconscious worlds. of Totalitaria, but that flaming iron ceremonies should be performed everyday in the parliament. I discovered early that NEOISM?! is of little use unless our own reality enters into it. Our reality alone allows NEOISM?! to make any sense. I was always stimulated by The Supernatural Power of NEOISM?! and fascinated by the possibility of direct communication through the body’s extrasensorial system. In 1979 I initiated the Brain Building and Cerebrite Project in the form of an installation at Vehicule Gallery in Montreal. Focusing on the idea of brain-to-brain transmission without any real scientific approach but rather in a poetic context, I sketched up the map of a system that would let participants exchange ideas directly, brain to brain. I sent some information concerning the project to my former professor of anatomy, dr Janos Szentagothay, a brain specialist, who replied to me with warning notes about the disastrous consequences such a project could cause to humanity should it ever be realized. About ten years later, in the early 90s, when I initiated the Coat Hanger Cult events, my interest in telepathy, psychotronic transmission and telekinesis was even stronger, but always remained on the conceptual level of scientific nonsense, filled with critical irony towards the authority of worldwide communication systems. I declared that the wire coat hanger I was wearing on my head was actually a transmission device that made telepathic communication possible. Later on I also declared that everybody is a medium and any object can be a transmission device. NEOISM?! is the consummation of two-and-a-half millennia of thought. We are so exposed to the accumulating ideas that we constantly find ourselves facing NEOISM?! . In our weak moments we wonder if we are not, in fact, dying from NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the only general phenomenon that may permit posterity to probe its substance more deeply than has ever been done. The alternative “all or nothing”, “nothing or everything” stands before our age as The Question of NEOISM?! ’s destiny. NEOISM?! is the revelation of being. NEOISM?! is the activity of being oneself that simultaneously experiences itself as the passivity of being-given-to-oneself. There are two basic questions of NEOISM?! : What is NEOISM?! and who is Monty Cantsin?? NEOISM?! has gained ever-growing, overwhelming importance and as a consequence it has become the fate of the World. FRANKENSTEIN FRANKENSTEIN 454 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 455 Only by NEOISM?! can I free myself from the bondage of a limited, dogmatic view of the World in order to arrive at the reality of Totalitaria. By freely espousing NEOISM?! , I become receptive to that which is beyond NEOISM?! , but which can only become clear by way of confusion. The Ultimate Objective of NEOISM?! is to work out a methodology, which arises from the ground of universal confusion. NEOISM?! is the thinking by which I become aware of NEOISM?! itself through convulsive action. NEOISM?! is to strive towards a revelation that can never be completed. NEOISM?! becomes possible precisely through your own failure. If this sounds confusing for you then you are right there where you’re supposed to be, somewhere in The Fathomless Pit of NEOISM?! . Stand by because much more is coming. If you think it’s all cool and it’s easy for you to find your way through the impenetrable darkness and the endless maze of deception then you have already figured out The False Absolutes and Pseudo-Knowledge of NEOISM?! . But never be too sure as the next definition might just blow your mind, or might disappoint you to the extent that you’ll give up your quest for NEOISM?! forever. We can only recognize NEOISM?! when it is in ourselves. If we cannot be NEOISM?! , we cannot understand it either. The original thirst for NEOISM?! arose from the experience of insufficiency in false communication. This insufficiency is the indubitable fact of The Obstinacy of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is the loneliness in the midst of social intercourse that deceives itself in a multitude of dictatorships. Only the constant urge towards total freedom reaches The Path of NEOISM?! . I wrote my first novel, The Immortal Cowboy, at age nine. It reflected well the false imagination I have acquired about the Wild West of America through reading the books of Karl May. As an early exercise in self-deception and plundering, it was definitely a perfect departure for NEOISM?! . Remarkably enough, The Leading Subjects of NEOISM?! —eternal struggle for survival and a quest for immortality—were already there. About ten years later, under the influence of Brecht, Beckett and Ionescu, I wrote a truly dramatic piece, The Secret of Immortality, in which the protagonist, the great master, reveals the most important fact of his life to a student-interviewer: he’s urinated in bathwater since early childhood. With passion and with scientific precision, the master explains the miraculous healing and rejuvenating effects of the holy mixture of urine and bathwater. The drama ends with the master’s sudden death during a hardcore sexual encounter with the student in the bathtub. NEOISM?! takes us tantalizingly through the endless struggle of life, from a dizzying suction of despair to the brink of nothingness. NEOISM?! is an unceasing desire to create conflicts and crises. NEOISM?! is attainable only with an ever-active intellectual resistance. NEOISM?! does indeed exist and it is a great privilege to be able to grasp it with love. The force of the original quest for NEOISM?! disappears in the grand anticipatory gestures of seemingly total freedom and increases in mastering what is concretely impossible. NEOISM?! has had tremendously far-reaching effects in conditioning the state of mind of people all around the World. The word NEOISM?! was not even used until 1979, when Monty Cantsin? coined the term to describe his NEOVEGETARIANISM?! , a diet of vegetables, fruits and grains extended with drinking self-produced blood, urine and cum. Monty Cantsin? simply left out the middle part of neovegetarianism and shortened it to NEOISM?! . But the meaning of the word “vegetarian”, originating from the Latin vigitore (“giving strength and health”), was not lost on Monty Cantsin?’s mutilating act. Monty Cantsin?’s gesture rather increased the meaning of “giving strength and health” to limitless and endless possibilities and made it clear that any word could be included between NEO and ISM with similar result. Therefore, concluded The Founder of NEOISM?! , The Roots of NEOISM?! are in everything, from a vegetarian diet to sextherapy via any practical and theoretical bullshit. NEOISM?! can be anything. It is clear that NEOISM?! , to deserve its name, must remain only a name and universally applicable to anything. To discount NEOISM?! as merely a diet for radicals and fanatics is an unfair generalization. Rather, NEOISM?! is a distinct and confusing philosophy, adopted by groups as dissimilar as the Krononautic Society in Baltimore (MD), the Rivington School in New York City, the group Phÿcus in Halifax, the Luther Blissett movement in Italy, or the Eternal Network throughout the World. What did Mahatma Gandhi, Leonardo da Vinci, Lenin, Anaïs Nin, Frida Kahlo, Jim Jones, Ludwig Wittgenstein and Emma Goldman have in common? They were all, in one way or another, addicted to NEOISM?! . But how was that possible for them without knowing anything about NEOISM?! , due to the fact that NEOISM?! hadn’t been invented in their life time? NEOISM?! is based on existing ideas, directly plundered from these authors. In return for their ideas, wise or stupid, revolutionary or old fashioned, and through a reverse attribution process that changes everything according to The Needs of NEOISM?! , they are all rewarded by being considered immortal NEOIST?!s . That’s how the ideas and writings of the above listed authors, together with the works of countless other writers, philosophers, religious leaders, anarchists, communists, surrealists, became the source material of The Book of NEOISM?! . FRANKENSTEIN FRANKENSTEIN 456 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 457 How I understand NEOISM?! is based on what I really am myself. What I am myself is based on my original relations to NEOISM?! . Monty Cantsin? set out at the age of 26 to discover his own path to NEOISM?! . For several years he practiced severe asceticism and starvation in Paris and throughout North America, but he did not feel that self-denial would lead to Akademgorod. Monty Cantsin? was overwhelmed by the suffering he saw to be an unavoidable part of life. “Stop Misery!” he declared once for all. The response was that to stop misery was impossible, nonsense. Therefore Monty Cantsin? added to his NEOIST?! slogan another one: Long Live Nonsense! In his search for NEOISM?! he has discarded many ideas and learnt many new things. He was especially concerned with the inconsistency of his writings, interpreting it as an essential sign of NEOISM?! . “What I am concerned with is my readiness to obey The Call of NEOISM?! to change from moment to moment, and, therefore if my definitions are inconsistent, that is only proof of my highest devotion to NEOISM?! .” NEOISM?! is created from countless ideas that are all compressed into one short term, NEOISM?! . Similarly, NEOISM?! can be depicted as a fantastic creature, let us suppose it to be a dragon, with the head of a mastiff or setter, eyes of a cat, ears of a porcupine, noise of a greyhound, eyebrows of a lion, temples of an old cock, neck of a watertortoise, wings of bat, tail of a crocodile, legs of an eagle. NEOISM?! allows contacts to be made in any variety; cultures to be linked without limit. The Real Point of NEOISM?! is to be in the present, and to manifest that being in the present includes the past and the future. NEOISM?! is based on what has been lost and what is left for us. NEOISM?! is destabilizing and abolishing duration. NEOISM?! can manifest itself through many forms, and, at the same time, it is detached from every form. Perhaps language and telepathic transmission are the most proper media for NEOISM?! . While writing this chapter I was in a state of total despair. It seemed that all the revolutionary work I had undertaken, which might have set me on the road to NEOISM?! , had come to nothing. I was once more in a blind alley, unable to see any way out. I had to live many days and even months troubled by doubt Anything known as NEOISM?! is NEOISM?! . Nothing known as NEOISM?! is NEOISM?! . With NEOISM?! we leave behind all determinate things that belong to us. NEOISM?! frees us from the shackles of determinate being. In it’s brevity NEOISM?! is still a purely formal concept: only a name to be used for anything. The confusion surrounding NEOISM?! derives its motives from our everyday struggle and misery. Through The Impulses of NEOISM?! we open ourselves without limit and we want to give a new language to everything that is strange and distant. NEOISM?! is cognitive estrangement. In response to populist esthetic, NEOISM?! as a set of socially shared interpretive codes, belongs to a category of object that resists formal definition. NEOISM?! looks at the more oppressive aspects of the relation between the misery of authority and resistance. NEOISM?! is an all-in-one pseudo-philosophy that appropriated the trappings and gimmicks of the historical avant-garde. The Language of NEOISM?! is characterized by manifesto-style propaganda claptrap. NEOISM?! can be simply defined as a prank, but its impact can not be overlooked and dismissed as only a prank, being backed up by an ever-widening communication network for more than two decades. NEOISM?! employs a Spiderweb Strategy. NEOISM?! was spread through the Eternal Network in the late 70s, and kept growing through Apartment Festivals in the 80s. While mutating into electronic forms in the 90s, NEOISM?! remained actively motivated, subverting even its own network of conspirators. NEOISM?! is a mania for definitions to make The Definition of NEOISM?! strictly impossible. NEOISM?! is doubtful. While all philosophizing is directed towards the goal of achieving certainty about NEOISM?! , the result is even greater uncertainty and confusion. NEOISM?! is for us the most futile thing in the World. The constant occupation with NEOISM?! causes surfeit. In NEOISM?! the essential is always missed. NEOISM?! cannot be comprehended on the basis of itself, and as we confront NEOISM?! it discloses something else through which NEOISM?! confuses and subverts. NEOISM?! is dogmatic, fanatical and nihilistic. NEOISM?! manifests millions of possibilities. The question “What is NEOISM?! ?” therefore cannot be answered directly by one single definition. The answer is in the incompleteness, imperfectability, impossibility, in The Universal Failure of NEOISM?! . Even though NEOISM?! is immanent, it is so only in an unlimited ambiguity, and cannot be grasped with any finality. FRANKENSTEIN FRANKENSTEIN 458 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 459 that is both illogical and deadly. Words lost their meaning, nobody could understand anything. NEOISM?! can never be completed, finished, it’s an open-ended concept for open-pop-stars. NEOISM?! addresses the system of authority that makes things disappear. NEOISM?! , as a form of exorcism, unites fire therapy, dead dog rituals, blood graffiti, noise overload, hyper-convulsion and file-cabinet gang bangs. Taking away from NEOISM?! is only possible through adding to it. What else I can say, how can I finish this chapter? What can I claim as a result of this writing? That today’s NEOISM?! is not different from yesterday’s NEOISM?! ? NEOISM?! translates everything as NEOISM?! but keeping individual identities intact. NEOISM?! is the device of something turning back on itself so as to seem to be other, and the turns have been so many and so convulsively complex that it’s impossible to solve the mystery. And, on the other hand, here is this thing that people have been striving and starving for centuries—with Yoga, Zen, Tao, cults, dervish dancing, hermitages and all that sort of thing, and after all it all appears to be a simple name, NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is a desperate cry with no recourse left to anyone. NEOISM?! is a lucid glorification of the ephemeral. NEOISM?! assures us a little more of supernatural reality. NEOISM?! is the cradle of illusions. NEOISM?! gives a shape to hope. NEOISM?! refuses nobility, virtue and coherence. NEOISM?! is a world where everything is given and nothing is explained. NEOISM?! is a notion devoid of meaning. NEOISM?! is a terrifying apprenticeship in death. I can no longer divorce myself from NEOISM?! . I write this book not only for the subvertainment of other people but also for my own. I’m having a good time writing it. I mean I’m reading lots of books, highlighting the sentences I like and then copying them in my manuscript. Most of the time I change things around in the plundered sentences and make them unrecognizable for their authors but often times I copy them straight as they are and wonder how surprised their authors would get seeing them in this book, if they are still alive. Many of them, or perhaps most them, of course are dead. I’m having a good time surrounded by dead spirits and feeling their support for NEOISM?! . I can spend hours in front of the computer just thinking, without writing down a single idea because when I start writing down something I already dislike it. Other times I just let myself go freely and without any kind of self-censorship or system of control, I go on and on until I can. Whatever is whatever, that’s the leading spirit. And before I understood a truth that I had in fact known a long time. NEOISM?! suddenly transformed into something different. Only when this happened could we continue our search for more NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is also regarded as an affirmation of perpetual changes in the form of an eternal question. NEOISM?! engenders crises and gives rise to conflicts. NEOISM?! means to intrigue people, make them react and involve them in subvertainment. NEOISM?! is contaminated by the media and institutional authorities. At the same time NEOISM?! is an open place for cognition, meditation, philosophizing. NEOIST?! Public Altars are set up in the streets and in parks throughout Akademgorod. Altars can be made by anyone, using any available material, from scrapmetal to bread via books, photographic images, notes, money, broken clocks, flowers, juices, hats, masks, pencils, toys, whatever objects, displayed on tables or other platforms. Though there are no obligatory objects, a steamiron and a bottle of rubber cement placed on the altar are recommended. Anyone is welcome to flame the iron with the use of rubber cement and dance around the altar in vextasy at 6 o’clock. Of course in Akademgorod it’s always 6 o’clock. Linear history is over. The accumulation of information is not divided into past, present and future, but everything happens simultaneously at once. NEOISM?! is everywhere, even in extremely subtle or imperceptible forms. This is my time for harvest. For several months, in my mind, I planted the seeds of ideas and problems concerning NEOISM? . They grew with difficulty and didn’t let me sleep. I had to keep writing endlessly, day and night. I got very tired. I was going to give it up and burn it all because I wasn’t happy with the result. I just had the paranoid feeling that all the words I put down on paper one day would betray me. One day NEOISM?! will betray me, I’ll be denounced by NEOISM?! . Let’s go out to the streets. Streets are filled with NEOISM?! . Every step you take forward leads to NEOISM?! You can’t stop. NEOISM?! is to go. People in the streets are talking about a coming revolution. There is lots of noise, sirens, machineguns. People are running in different directions, trying to save their lives. Nobody knows what exactly is happening. But some people are already killed and children are crying. The city is devastated, ruined; buildings are on fire. This is not a dream, no fiction. This is from my memory; I saw this movie when I was six years old. It wasn’t a movie yet, it was reality. We lived in a bunker for a while. I loved the smell of the basement. And its darkness. THERE WAS LOTS OF SILENCE. Silence in the face of tyranny. One has to take a stand, be for or against. I’m arguing in favor of a true revolution FRANKENSTEIN FRANKENSTEIN 460 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 461 predict. But contrarily to the electric chair that was designed to kill people, the NEOIST?! Chair brings about new ideas and populates the World with new Monty Cantsin?s. The best way to end the NEOIST?! Chair action is to suddenly get up from it, smash the chair, break it into pieces and then leave the crime scene, holding up the NEOISM?! sign. NEOISM?! often comes out as a totally deformed discourse, embodied by a glorious Frankenstein. Today everything is interlinked through information technology. But people also get connected by their ideas, or by the ideas of other people. This chapter connects the ideas of Karl Jaspers, Robert A Heinlein, Jim Jones, Jack Rummel, Evelyn Lau, Jean Benedetti, David Chidester, Bettina L Knapp, Janet Barkas, Samuel R Delany, Mahatma Gandhi, Mariko Mori, Alan Watts, Stanislavski, Antoni Muntadas, Albert Camus, Stephen W Hawking and Marshall McLuhan to a universal subject that interlinks everything and known as NEOISM?! . if there are howlers in my texts that’s even better. What’s the difference between the “Exponential Increase of NEOISM?! ” and the “Arithmetical Progression of NEOISM?! ”? Let’s ask the spirit of McLuhan. What can be more inspiring for both the reader and the writer than the poetical appropriations resonating throughout a book. Without that it would be dead boring and a complete torture to read. NEOISM?! is not a mystical phenomenon but a state of total perception in which all the senses are working harmoniously and at full strength. I’m well aware that The Book of NEOISM?! is going to upset many people, but it’s not my goal at all. That would be way to easy to achieve. It’s much more difficult to make them get excited, to stimulate them, to arouse all their senses, to animate unusual activities, to fire up a whole society, mobilize the crowds, incite changes, stimulate revolutions. NEOISM?! not only supersedes all isms but replaces them all. NEOISM?! is a black hole with massive gravitational attraction. NEOISM?! pursues goals in near-total ignorance of what NEOISM?! is. Most of this is of course extremely confusing and takes very determined, single-minded readers to make sense of it. Even I get puzzled by my own inconsistencies and the seeming absence of any rational behind them. But that’s what makes it so thrilling. There is nothing more exhilarating than NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! has a paralyzing effect on people who are not familiar with its particulars and its true nature. Clarity and simplification comes when NEOISM?! gets introduced as nothing more than a term that anyone can use for anything. “Do everything in the name of NEOISM?! ”, that’s all. According to some accounts a journalist told Monty Cantsin? in the early 80s that he had heard there were several billions of people in the World who understood what is NEOISM?! . Monty Cantsin? paused and then replied “I wish I was one of them!”. At the time when NEOISM?! started it was easy to define it, because it was only a name, coined by Monty Cantsin?. Later it became much more complicated because of all the different things that were done in The Name of NEOISM?! . According to The Theory of NEOISM?! , nothing can super-speed NEOISM?! , nothing can spread faster than NEOISM?! . Thus if NEOISM?! cannot escape authoritarian rules, neither can anything else; everything is dragged back by the control systems of technological society to a region that is observed and regulated by surveillance and security. This region is what we now call a black hole. Reading this book is a complete waste of time if you want to learn about NEOISM?! . The best way to learn about NEOISM?! is to sit down on a NEOIST?! Chair at a street corner and wait for what will happen. A NEOIST?! Chair is a chair, any chair, with a “NEOISM?! ” sign on it (something like a protest sign or picketing sign), attached to the back of the chair. People will stop, look, ask questions, contemplate and therefore a conversation will develop. It can bring some type of results. What that’s going to be I can’t FRANKENSTEIN FRANKENSTEIN 462 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 463 T here is no such thing as NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is only a name for free use. The name NEOISM?! itself is basically both the user interface and the controlled object. To play the game you have to do everything in The Name of NEOISM?! . For example when Indy sucks Bruce’s lower lip into her mouth and bites it, it’s a significant indication of NEOISM?! . When cities and towns are in chaos it’s a clear sign of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! started out in a chaotic and disordered state, simply because there are so many different ways to define NEOISM?! . It is difficult to explain how such a chaotic situation could have given rise to a NEOISM?! that is so subversive and dangerous for our World today. The Book of NEOISM?! was written by a horde of monkeys hammering away on typewriters. Most of what they wrote is garbage but occasionally they typed out some genuine and mind-blowing ideas. The Goal of NEOISM?! is to get rid of history and achieve a kind of general amnesia. Paradoxically, NEOISM?! also produces a violent desire for history. NEOISM?! is inherited trauma. Later generations of genocide victims often suffer from it and try to heal it with NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! often arises in prison camps and induces memories in prisoners who are tattooed with the same three sentences: “I don’t know who I am. I don’t know where I am. I can’t remember how I got here.” NEOISM?! can be seen as a gift that comes to us from absolutely nowhere and also from everywhere. NEOISM?! is the endless aspect of the finite that reaches the end of infinity. NEOISM?! liquidates the finished. On their search for NEOISM?! Shithead and Fuckface roamed through demolished warehouse buildings, stumbling over heaps of ruins, crawling into dark tunnels wet from blood, urine, rotten accumulation of biotrash. They were holding hands and telling each other with convincing, loud voice: “I’m still alive and kicking!” NEOISM?! creates a counter-society, a space of convulsion and total freedom that, even without any precise knowledge, society perceives as monstrous. NEOISM?! is a state of constant transformation and mutation, uncontrolled by time, so we can’t even notice that it’s always 6 o’clock. Everything accumulates simultaneously at once. The mess of expanding information incorporates past, present and future undivided. NEOISM?! is an indigence that signals the fact that something incalculable is at stake, which goes beyond the bank accounts of the whole planet spinning on its axis. The Function of NEOISM?! is to show what it is to live poetically. Poetically means having access to what is most unexpensive, most simple, closest to hand. NEOISM?! is a lesson of how to remain undamaged when one is damaged by survival. “Are you scared of what’s out there in the dark, Monty Cantsin?” dr Ali Ackerman poses me the question. “I’m not afraid of the unknown at all”, TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE EVIDENCE EVIDENCE Permanent Revelry and Temptation of Suicide AGAINST THE BACKGROUND OF THE IMPOSSIBLE 464 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 465 The residents of the Know Nothing Immortality Center, she adds, were so unnerved that they couldn’t even lodge a complaint with Hydro Power until the electricity was temporarily restored just a few days ago. Some cult members were seriously damaged by the silence and had to be taken to hospital. The Cult’s existance, and their hazy, romantic ideas about a proletarian army of noisemakers, was in real danger. The No Nothing Immortality Center’s present location replaces the one in Tepoztlán, Mexico that had fallen prey to golf courses and condominiums. The training camp is a branch of the Worldwide NEOIST?! Web, which has its headquarters in Toronto, Ontario, and is linked to many research centers, consulates and embassies all around the World. The original site in Surany, Hungary was named Semmi—Hungarian for nothing—to signify that its members would concern themselves with NEOISM?! and nothing else. New technology at the No Nothing Immortality Center is used to the maximum. Communication tools, telephones, computers are installed in every bunker. They heat with solar power and drink crystal-clear water pumped up from half-mile-deep wells. Life for the Coat Hanger Cult members, whose order takes its name from the wire coat hanger NEOIST?!s use as antenna for telepathic communication that is also the nimbus of Monty Cantsin?, revolves around morning and evening periods of collective noise events, as well as two days a week and one week a month devoted to Bunker Festivals (a recent version of the original Apartment Festival idea). They also produce noise tapes, plunder ideas from every source to put together books and conduct antiworkshops for outside congregations. Visitors arrive each day for noise concerts, furniture gangbangs, flaming iron and flaming bread-hat ceremonies. NEOISM?! is founded on bodies that got themselves organized in clandestinity by hiding themselves in the open. Father Monty Cantsin? says that the sudden cut of electricity by Hydro Power has completely disrupted life at the Center. In an attempt to preserve their noisetude, the Cult have asked Hydro for a minimal amount of free monthly electricity that would let them continue their daily noise rituals. “Free chapaties and free electricity are our basic principles. What we are asking is that Hydro Power be so creative and so visionary that they make a decision that goes beyond strict business like paying bills.” Meanwhile Coat Hanger Cult members are obligated to reduce electricity-based noise production to a minimum as well, making just enough noise for their personal daily survival. Mother Monty Cantsin? maintains that the Cult is not being naive. “We are also in business: the business of noise and subvertainment. We have to survive. We have to plunder the books.” I respond to him. “It’s the unknown that I’m looking for.” “I wont bother you then” he says, “but make sure that you are ready for a rude awakening. In less then a few seconds, the whole Universe will explode and NEOISM?! will restart with a bang!” “With a gang bang?” I would of asked, but it’s too late. NEOISM?! is the pure malice of action. NEOISM?! resides in the malignity of fury. NEOISM?! is the place of combat. In NEOISM?! the essential-made-nothing manifests through relentless negation. NEOISM?! leaps into its own ruin. What has been done by NEOISM?! is also ruined by NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! means to be replaceable. Each definition of NEOISM?! is also a prophecy. A colossal monster, NEOISM?! is jam-packed with confusing ideas and wrong assumptions. The entrance to the Know Nothing Immortality Center training camp sits at the end of a dirt road deep in The Sixoclock Forest of Akademgorod. The mythology of this area is rich. This is where Prometheus was said to have been chained to the rock for stealing the fire of the gods; where the Argonauts came in search of the Golden Fleece; where the fearless Amazon virgins lived. Here in the wilderness, fugitive revolutionary intellectuals escaping from totalitarian rules found their freedom. The gate to the Center is marked by a metal sign that bears both a flaming iron and a fitting passage from The Book of NEOISM?! : make shit happen and know that I am Monty Cantsin?. There were also graffiti signs: Full sexual freedom for all! Down with the government that starves us! Here, on the site of a former hunting and fishing lodge 60 kilometers north of Keepyourmouthshut, about a dozen members of the Coat Hanger Cult have fucked their brains out and amused themselves to death for the past thousand years, largely in total noise. But one day late in June, the piercing whine of the heavy noise equipment they used for daily ambience and atmospheric pleasure was replaced by the whisper of the wind in the stately pines above their concrete bunkers. All electricity lines were cut because the Cult refused to pay their bills. Free chapaties and free electricity are The Basic Principles of NEOISM?! . There has been precious little noise at the No Nothing Immortality Center ever since. “It was like living a normal life”, Mother Monty Cantsin? recalls. “If you could magnify the horror of sitting in silence without the constant noise of the drill hits, the file cabinet slammers and high pitch of feller-buncher robots, that is what it was like...” “We were not sleeping. We played scrapmetal music in the bunkers all day and night long to kill the murderous silence around us. At the height of a heat wave we had to close all doors to keep out the silence.” EVIDENCE EVIDENCE 466 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 467 “What is involved here is primal conflict of values. Business is not the ultimate value in the World. It follows from higher frequencies of transcendental values.” Reduced noise will certainly disrupt the subversive quality of life at the No Nothing Immortality Centre and so they are urging supporters to send letters and petitions to Hydro Power. DJ Rev Monty Cantsin?, for example, is returning to the Toronto Monastery this month after several years. “I look at the bunker that I helped build” he says, “and I wonder: is this the end?” He puts a Phÿcus LP on the turntable and increases the volume to the max. Will this be the final spin? The Power of NEOISM?! , gratuitously open to any initiative, is enough to start a riot. NEOISM?! eats hirtself (itself-himselfherself) up in blissful serenity. Meanwhile, on the other side of the scrapmetal river, under an artificial fig tree, one is having fun, just like a machine, masturbating to The Beat of NEOISM?! . “One is not born a Monty Cantsin?, one becomes one” hse sings, greeting the approaching moment of vextasy with playful happiness. Hse is beautiful. Hir eyes green, expressive and magnetic. Hir hair is fair, voluminous, worn up at the back with a side parting. Hse looks disciplined. It seems that nature had given hir something extraordinary. “ALL POWER TO NEOISM?! !” hir voice burst out like a volcanic eruption. “NEOISM?! is a deal with the Devil!” Due to the total confusion, idealogical chaos and the permanent collapse of social barriers induced by NEOISM?! the World has fallen into an enormous revolutionary orgy, a monumental Apartment Festival. People are enthusiastically convulsing, rubbing their bodies against each other, fucking in the streets, in parks, parking lots, on the highways, in their offices, anywhere and everywhere, finally realizing their childhood fantasies. NEOISM?! puts hirtself in the hands of the users. NEOISM?! integrates any and all threats of action, and absorbs the traps and uncertainties of language. The Role of NEOISM?! is purely nihilistic and destructive. NEOISM?! is interpreted as a mockery of revolutionary subversion. In NEOISM?! , meaning and nonsense coincides. NEOISM?! is as if we found ourselves waking up in a place we had never seen before. NEOISM?! divides the World into conspirators and enemies. The only valid critical position consists of rejecting The Falsifying Simplifications of NEOISM?! and calmly abandoning it. NEOISM?! refuses conclusions to the instrumentalizing and reassuring discourse of idealogy. NEOISM?! converts the impossible into its own language of actions. NEOISM?! is an ordeal for nothing. Each definition of NEOISM?! has the quality of an epiphany. NEOISM?! , as an abstract oppressor, governs the perpetual massacre of time to which the World is doomed. NEOISM?! can be offered as an unflinching portrayal of the horrors of existance, an attack on the ruthless commerce of body-machines. The Themes of NEOISM?! are satanic possession, split personalities, religious fanaticism and, above all, the devil. The fetishization of the new is one of the main forces driving NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! deliberately exaggerates the bias of its incapacity to produce meaning. NEOISM?! is made up of bits of information with no particular logic, an endless mosaic of contradictory ideas. NEOISM?! gives material form to its defects and possible failure. The Prominent Element of NEOISM?! is an allusion to that unique space between the seriousness of every fissure and the laughter it inevitably provokes. NEOISM?! is an exercise in purely tautological relationships. NEOISM?! is immersed in the tragic idea of a radical failure, of NEOISM?! lost forever. Without NEOISM?! we would be facing total dereliction. Infantile provocation only strengthens The Subtractive Power of NEOISM?! and makes it more amusing. NEOISM?! takes us back to the pagan exaltation of the flesh. Anti-institutional, non-official culture instilled NEOISM?! with a strong distrust of images and idols.NEOISM?! makes everything a part of NEOISM?! so you don’t have to think about what is and what is not NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! has never had to construct itself in the totalizing and systematic manner of a utopia, but has instead invented itself bit by bit, empirically, over a long period. It hasn’t had to consciously reflect on its founding assumptions and postulates. Significantly, the word NEOISM?! is used more often by those who call themselves Anti-NEOIST?!s , as if only critical thought was capable of perceiving it as a coherent idea. The Philosophical and Poetic Principles of NEOISM?! (individual autonomy, the spirit of revolt, total freedom, telepathic transmission etc) make NEOISM?! clearly identifiable. NEOISM?! is concerned with the idea of limits, reviving the project of earlier avant-gardes but in its own particular context. The non-authority of The Theory of NEOISM?! underwrites the emphasis of any negotiable meaning. NEOISM?! tells us the most about the contradictions and parallels of socio-historical reality. The paradox is that The Fictional Hegemony of NEOISM?! , which is ever more confusing, is making all avant-gardist positions obsolete while at the same time confirming the need to address today’s technological society philosophically and critically. NEOISM?! undermines any fixed form of measurement or ultimate, central and unified reference. I take into account The Whole System of NEOISM?! , in its superfluous obscenity, even as absolute detritus, and I glorify it. EVIDENCE EVIDENCE 468 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 469 I hate to write. I hate sitting and typing. I hate wasting my life in front of the screen, writing The Book of NEOISM?! . I don’t want to write it, I want to be it. I want to live it, I want to be NEOISM?! . That’s how I feel most of the time when I sit at my desk and try to figure out The Next Definition of NEOISM?! . It seems to me a complete nonsense, or even more, a disastrous failure. NEOISM?! has no definition. It cannot be defined by words, only through action. The action defines NEOISM?! . (Any action that you do in The Name of NEOISM?! .) Of course writing is also an action. An action seemingly detached from the rest of the actions. I’m here in my basement headquarters, alone, in self-isolation. Maybe in self-exile. It’s always 6 o’clock here. This is the space of permanent accumulation of ideas. I’m surrounded by objects, icons, books, all kinds of devices; by my own life accessories. It seems to be very disorderly, very chaotic here. It’s a mess. It’s what I’m talking about when I’m trying to explain my 6 o’clock theory of vertical reality where everything happens simultaneously, past, present and future are not separated, all happen at once. Oh yeah. All of The One Million Different Definitions of NEOISM?! are valid, and are describing the same thing: NEOISM?! .NEOISM?! is an unmasked massacre of culture, which through its continued and uncontrolled murder and dissection offers increased confusion, negation and fear of success. NEOISM?! flourishes when the defenses against NEOISM?! are strengthened through dictatorial power. Without NEOISM?! people have no way of finding fun in their experiences, they lose their capacity to laugh and have difficulty imagining having sex with a file cabinet. One way of defining NEOISM?! then is to say it is what happens to society when its attachment to oppression suddenly weakens. The Dangers of NEOISM?! on the loose, its revolting and often self-destructive power, may be understood by the analogy with an individual’s biological immune system (authoritarian power, aka police), which serves as a selfdefense against the uncontrolled, free growth of cells (against NEOISM?! ). Cellular growth (everyday life) is, of course, a normal process without which organic life cannot survive. But without a well-functioning immune system, an organism becomes disordered and confused under the sudden effect of freely growing (NEOIST?! ) cells. These (NEOIST?! ) cells then can destroy the complete system of control (police authority), even though it means destroying themselves at once. An immune system (police, army, institutionalized bureaucracy, establishment), therefore, has to destroy unwanted cells (NEOISM?! and the like) before they would become powerful enough to destroy the immune system. The Book of NEOISM?! is the most singular and most universal poetic masterpiece of all time. But only by reading it nobody ever will be able to possess The Truth of NEOISM?! . There are no tricks in NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is based on the simple philosophy of “what you see is what you see”. What you do in The Name of NEOISM?! is NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! needs no interpretation. Blood is blood, excrement is excrement, confusion is confusion. The Game of NEOISM?! is a real game. If one accepts it, there is no need for interpretation. NEOISM?! has no symbolic intentions. While NEOISM?! surprises, provokes or frightens, it also bores people to death with its repetitious style and obvious everythingness. NEOISM?! is a frivolous, superficial and ridiculous activity that has no meaning. NEOISM?! is a matter of appropriation, identification. NEOISM?! absorbs, assimilates, re-introduces, re-elaborates. NEOISM?! is the end of all hope. NEOISM?! is the product of the accumulation of historical data and everyday life information. NEOISM?! is humanity’s supreme achievement and the instrument by which our most profound dilemmas may be deleted. You may be wondering if I’m joking or if I’m dead serious. The answer can only be both; I’m joking and I’m dead serious. NEOISM?! is a game and I’m a player. I’m playing a definitional game that has no other goal than creating infinite definitions of NEOISM?! . When I say I want to define NEOISM?! I mean that I want to make it impossible to define through my definitions. It’s a never-ending game. NEOISM?! can be defined only through ceaseless confusion. This is axiomatic. One can define NEOISM?! as a suspension of consequences. But this definition is unacceptable if it implies that NEOISM?! is inconsequential. However NEOISM?! has consequences such as the game itself. But as a player what do I get out of playing? My reward is the experience of the activity itself, in other words, The Game of NEOISM?! . But NEOISM?! is a game without rules, except that you play it in The Name of The Game That Is NEOISM?! . Life is a mockery of NEOISM?! : you eat, shit, have sex and die in the name of LIFE?! . NEOISM?! means creating a new way of life based on a play. NEOISM?! is ludic subvertainment that is totally incompatible with existing reality. But this existing reality is what NEOISM?! tries to replace with a new vitality that distinguishes life from mere survival. NEOISM?! does not believe in work, only in playful action and ludic interactivity. NEOIST?!s favor full-time amusement and to do only what they enjoy doing. NEOISM?! is permanent revelry. NEOISM?! leads to the libidinization of life. EVIDENCE EVIDENCE 470 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 471 down everything that I hear immediately. From these scribbles I create never-ending masterpieces, definitions of NEOISM?! . But sometimes I’m overpowered by The Presence of NEOISM?! inside me, which squeezes me so tightly that I lose my breath, I feel like fainting. But within a few seconds I regain my strength and consciousness and start singing revolutionary NEOIST?! songs. Many people get surprised by the sheer beauty of these songs, which often resonate with their deepest aspirations, cutting through their intellectual preconceptions in the manner of great ideas, and inspiring them, at a level more profound than cerebral, to alter their whole way of life. “When I heard Monty Cantsin? sing my heart softened and I wept, and I surrendered to NEOISM?! ”, someone from the audience recalled. I amuse myself to death by repeating any meaningless, ineffectual, insipid, superfluous definition of NEOISM?! . I want NEOISM?! to be completely irrelevant. There is nothing that has to be said with NEOISM?! . What we call NEOISM?! is not NEOISM?! , but the very subjective statements of a single person. I stand on my head to achieve the necessary physical/mental condition to think about NEOISM?! . I play with NEOISM?! and try to tear NEOISM?! loose from people, so that they can gain distance from NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is just a mechanism of thinking. NEOISM?! is like an amazing new drug that cures nothing but has interesting side effects. NEOISM?! helps people get confused. Famine, plague and invasion are symptomatic signs of NEOISM?! . Aren’t you sick of these definitions? Aren’t you completely bored of them? Aren’t you fed up with reading this book? Why don’t you just get rid of it, throw it in the garbage or burn it?! What are you expecting from it? That you’ll learn about NEOISM?! . Can’t you understand that there is no definition of NEOISM?! . In other words, there are millions of definitions but none of them are good for anything. I made them up just to confuse you, to create the ambiance of total confusion. Because that’s the only way to talk about NEOISM?! . The first thing you do is make it clear that confusion rules the World. And then you just go on and on and say whatever you want. Without any systematic control over your ideas. Some convulsive movements apply. Like puking. Epilepsy. Or fucking. Total vextasy is even better. What is important is that you integrate the term NEOISM?! in almost every sentence. You can use your own stupid ideas, you don’t even have to think. And you can copy the mess other people have made. In NEOISM?! everything is permitted. The only rule is that you have to do everything in The Name of NEOISM?! . I know I have said that before, perhaps several times, but I don’t expect anyone to read this book through from the beginning to the end. You can open this book at any page at random. So to make sure that you will actually (maybe) read this idea I have to repeat it several times at different parts of the book. This example shows clearly that NEOISM?! , as a self-destructive force, is mostly doomed to failure by its own hand. NEOISM?! is the disease for which it purported to be the cure, in other words NEOISM?! is that which kills to cure. NEOISM?! is the source of confusion and incoherence. The Theory of NEOISM?! is based on an oversimplification of information control mechanisms. First of all NEOISM?! is a theory about futility. NEOISM?! can be labeled as medieval superstition or subjective babble. NEOISM?! is most effective when people no longer know who to believe or what to believe. NEOISM?! is the progress of decomposing. NEOISM?! makes people addicted to information chaos. NEOISM?! is an attempt to increase the flow of information, to make its use expanded to the limit by accumulating information that confuses. NEOISM?! is an intelligence test signifying nothing. When NEOIST?! performers use blood, flaming irons and noise to embody NEOISM?! , they acknowledge their confused mind and their philosophical nonsense. NEOISM?! openly exposes a profound skepticism towards its own theory. NEOISM?! directs our attention to the wrong place and evokes in us a sense of wondrous confusion. NEOISM?! encourages us to ignore the ideas embedded in NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is blind to the idealogical meaning of its own technologies. NEOISM?! is the autopsy of the patient while the patient is still alive. NEOISM?! is a certain kind of mental cowardice because it refuses to take up any position whatsoever. But is it necessary to clarify what we mean by NEOISM?! ? No, we don’t need any guidelines and we don’t want to make judgments. NEOISM?! has the totemic value of living mythology, without symbolic or descriptive dispersion: it is a primary and direct resistance. NEOISM?! establishes the universal validity of individual mythology. The Subjective Invention of NEOISM?! is the only means of discovering objective reality. NEOISM?! can be measured only in its own terms. When the obstacles of misery and slavery are eliminated all The Problems of NEOISM?! are overcome. I love to talk about NEOISM?! because I can say just anything. I cannot talk about NEOISM?! at all because there is nothing really to say. Nothing that I say has anything to do with NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is when the dying lion lifts his eye and looks directly into the video camera, accusingly and forgivingly, and then dies. Whenever I think about NEOISM?! I can feel my soul being torn from me. The impact is so frightening sometimes that my whole body starts convulsing, I sweat profusely, even on a cold winter’s day, experience a great confusion, strange sounds and voices. If I can I scribble EVIDENCE EVIDENCE 472 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 473 scientific hyper-philosophy forever. I know you have heard this before. I don’t deny that NEOISM?! is old. It is basically the oldest idea. NEOISM?! dates back to pre-historic times. NEOISM?! accumulates in massive quantums in the vertical reality of Akademgorod where subatomic particles make up the scene of 6 o’clock eternity. Even if NEOISM?! is a school of thought it cannot be reduced to less than a million definitions. NEOISM?! is throwing money out the window. NEOISM?! insists on belonging to every school of thought in history. NEOISM?! is the acceptance of the adequacy of any system and of any body of beliefs whatsoever. NEOISM?! is the repudiation of linear history. The Heart of NEOISM?! can be any heart. NEOISM?! is the superficial philosophy of being alive. NEOISM?! is not thinkable without its other, ANTI-NEOISM?! , and it never appears in reality without it. NEOISM?! is found in the opacity of the here and now. NEOISM?! is never consumed by rational form. NEOISM?! utilizes all possibilities of knowledge to its own advantage. NEOISM?! appears in the World through different utterances and makes demands. NEOISM?! is an astonishing principle surpassing reason. All the fundamental ideas of NEOISM?! can only be expressed in irrational antinomies. NEOISM?! is seeing in NEOISM?! more than NEOISM?! itself. NEOISM?! can be recognized as a limit in its place. NEOISM?! is seen as the source of the new. All questioning of NEOISM?! is circumscribed by unquestioned assumptions. NEOISM?! can arrive with great fanfare, lots of noise, but NEOISM?! also develops as quietly and imperceptibly as a germinating mustardseed. NEOISM?! is a reminder of truth that everybody already knows, and contrary to what people think, there is nothing new in it. This is not a divinely inspired scripture; this is an accumulation of plundered ideas from different authors, including myself. But I can’t pretend that I have written all this chaotic bullshit, and don’t want to make it look like I am a great writer. I’m not here to criticize older ideas and their creators and present myself as a new prophet. In the form of everything most other, alien and remote—the ever-receding sixoclock micro-galaxies, the reality of immortality, the terrors of oppression and authority, the telepathic-feeling, scrapmetal world of junk monsters and robots, the endless labyrinth of my own insides—in all these forms I have crept up on myself and yelled NEOISM?! ! The Separation of NEOISM?! from life itself makes us question The Ultimate Sense of NEOISM?! . We question whether The Truth of NEOISM?! has been grasped or if it can be grasped at all. Rational, literal interpretation of NEOISM?! is a heresy. NEOISM?! is simply hostility to reason. NEOISM?! is the destruction of all authority. NEOISM?! is dogmatic skepticism starving for genuine truth. NEOISM?! is a new total intellectual attitude for people who like to blow their mind and fuck their brains out. This book is completely futile. It is a piece of nonsense. There is nothing to learn about NEOISM?! since you are NEOISM?! . Can’t you see that I’m just playing a game here? That I’m just accumulating words in order to fill the pages with seemingly readable ideas about something called NEOISM?! ? Now you know. And I hope that you are disappointed. That’s exactly what I want. That’s exactly how I designed this book. The most disappointing book that has ever been written. This is THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! from which you should learn what is NEOISM?! , but you won’t learn anything about NEOISM?! from this book, because what you learn from this book is that there is nothing to learn about NEOISM?! . Yes, I repeat, this is the most disappointing book in the history of vertical reality, in the history of accumulation, of 6 o’clock eternity. On the other hand some will find this book amazingly entertaining, irritaining, subvertaining, abusing, vextatic etc. Some will find it the work of a genius. It’s OK, chill out. It happened before that something that intended to be just a joke became serious scientific truth. And vice versa. According to dr Hal Ackerman, what we basically have here is a therapy for our collective consciousness that is usurped by the control of knowledge, technology, science, religion etc. By creating a confused state of mind through NEOISM?! , we cure ourselves from the manipulative forces of knowledge. We realize that NEOISM?! is the highest form of knowledge as it incorporates everything that belongs to our life. This shocking and sudden recognition, just like an epileptic seizure, erases all other philosophical and scientific terms and makes us forget about everything else but NEOISM?! . At this very important moment, Hackerman says, the best is to stand on your head while holding up a flaming iron with your toes and singing The Hymn of NEOISM?! . I agree, says Monty Cantsin?. “We developed our own ritual performances, philosophical exercises, bloodwritten doctrines, living-room shrines, like everybody else. But we did for the emb(h)ellishment of our everyday life only. NEOISM?! is not a religious sect. NEOISM?! is not sacred, but profane. Without NEOISM?! life would be boring, empty, drained of meaning. Isn’t that simple and beautiful? I’m amazed by these definitions. I’ll never get bored of them. Aren’t you feeling great when you read this book? Don’t you want to hold it like you would hold a baby and kiss the pages one by one? What more you can expect from life? All there is is NEOISM?! . Millions of definitions of NEOISM?! surrounding us, floating around us, touching us, hanging on us, making us look like an X-mas tree decorated with lights, stars, silver and gold ornaments and all the other little colorful objects. The Purpose of NEOISM?! is to spread NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! is dogmatic pseudo-knowledge pretending to be the most liberating invention of EVIDENCE EVIDENCE 474 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 475 an unknown target. It’s my job to figure out what happens next. I pull a needle out of my shoulder bag and stick it into the middle of my left arm, in a bulging vein. The sudden flow of blood changes everything. I’m not falling anymore but sitting on the top of a mountain that is colored red from my pouring blood running down the mountain. I forgive all and ask all to forgive me. May the blood I spilled be of benefit to everyone. “Long Live the Spirit of Failed Revolutions!” I’m a brainsucking vampire. For me writing means re-writing the readymade ideas I have sucked out from real writers’ brains. I can’t write without reading, not only because I have no imagination, but because my mind gets empty very fast and it makes me feel constantly thirsty for words and new ideas. While writing this chapter I was sucking the brains of Stephen W Hawking, Philippe Sollers, Kevin Cox, Chantal Thomas, Philippe Forest, Pascal Beausse, Jean-Marc Huitorel, Alexandre Leupin, Jean-Joseph Goux, David Nebreda, Michael Pearson, Bob Black, Neil Postman, Piero Manzoni, Peter Kubelka, Karl Jaspers, Gen Ken, Lon Spiegelman, Walter Kaufmann, Alan Watts, Emperor Maximilian. The dissolution of bonds has made NEOISM?! seem possible. It seemed pointless to argue about abstruse dogmas and new definitions since there were so endless an amount of them and none of them were good for anything, Far more crucial was The Effort of NEOISM?! to save the day, create networks, enlarge the system of communication, invent new ideas and stop misery. The social concern had always been an essential part of The Vision of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?! was not only nourished from Taoism, Confucianism, Hinduism, Buddhism, aboriginal spirituality, shamanism, paganism, monotheism, rationalism and atheism, but basically incorporated them all without producing a single deity. Monty Cantsin? is not a godlike creature, but only a name for anyone’s use. It’s an iconic name; it picks up meanings contributed by its users. NEOISM?! has no power other than that of a long-continued deception. NEOISM?! is an impotent call to hold fast. NEOISM?! , to be authentic, must grow out of our new reality, and there take its stand. NEOISM?! is conscious of being unable to attain any real ground by itself. No fixed doctrine is to be drawn out of NEOISM?! as something permanent. Out of The Vacuum of NEOISM?! , with despairing violence, a new reality was born: 6 o’clock eternity and the corresponding ultra-dogmatics of Monty Cantsin?. Monty Cantsin? has 14 arms, for he represents the convulsive dance of The 14 Secret Masters of NEOISM?! , the omnipotence of being able to do innumerably many things at once. This makes him an odd figure, for either a world leader or a lover. He has dark, Mongol eyes. “NEOISM?! is my life” he says, “my destiny is to reshape the World!” He speaks in a strong voice, using well-phrased rhetoric and with a powerful emotional appeal; his speeches are like a spiral: afraid that people wouldn’t understand him, he returns to a thought he had already expressed, repeating it but also adding something new to it. There is no other person who is so preoccupied with NEOISM?! , who thinks no other thoughts except those about NEOISM?! , who even dreams in his sleep about NEOISM?! . In that book he dismissed history as evanescent, unimportant and insubstantial and ultimately non-existant. “Everything is happening simultaneously at 6 o’clock” he formulated with precision, adding that “past, present and future are not separated”. Monty Cantsin? defined NEOISM?! as an ability of inventing and formulating ideas that are not chronologically determined. Legend says (s)he wrote a book about NEOISM?! with his own blood. It also says that (s)he was a charlatan and (s)he only pretended to be The High Priest of NEOISM?! . In our gentrified era, taken over by the dictatorship of a corporate oligarchic power, NEOISM?! re-enforces the question: why have the rich and wealthy never taken care of the poor? Why have they accumulated fortunes instead of sharing their money with the homeless, the stateless, the fugitives? I’m sitting in the lotus position and I’m free falling from somewhere very high, I have no idea from where. “Long Live the Spirit of Failed Revolutions!” I’m singing The Anthem of NEOISM?! while falling faster and faster towards EVIDENCE EVIDENCE 476 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 477 NEOISM?!  creates the illusion that we use it as a term to refer to something bodiless, which, however, has a place in our container. In fact NEOISM?!  seems to be the real ego, the one of which it was said “NEOISM?! , ergo sum”. If NEOISM?!  is the mind then what is the body? Is NEOISM?!  just an aspect of the body? What happened throughout this book is that NEOISM?!  evolved from being just a name without any well-defined concept to a monstrous creature, a biomechanical transrobot, a high-tech communication device that belongs to everyone, a fictional cyberspace porn-star able to seduce the World through intellectual athletics and so on. Isaac Newton proved The Existance of NEOISM?!  through methematics and Marshall McLuhan proved that NEOISM?!  was, is and always will be an autonomous force in human society. It is a new artery supplying extra blood to the hemispheres of the World. NEOISM?!  is the effect that a person produces in his/her community and in his/her culture. Indy and Bruce proved that doing everything in The Name of NEOISM?!  is the secret of love and happiness. The thought that a human being is a composite creature consisting of body and soul is an ancient one. But NEOISM?!  refers to a conceptual n-tity that is neither the body nor the soul. NEOISM?!  is somewhat similar to an ‘out of the body’ experience, but not as a kind of specter, a spirit or a ghost but a more complex rationalization of immaterial sub - stances. NEOISM?!  is a person’s innermost self, that in which essential identity consists, and that to which (s)he refers when (s)he uses the first-person pronoun “I”, is hir mind or soul, the res cogitans. While the body is easily destructible, NEOISM?!  is not. But how can an immaterial, non-spatial substance interact causally with a physical body in space? That’s part of The Very Nature of NEOISM?! . All over the World and in every corner of the globe, The Presence of NEOISM?!  is undeniable. NEOISM?!  is a mental power that can be increased by many different methods: by breathing deeply and rhythmically; chanting revolutionary songs; reciting the names of conspirators; repeating the same phrase: “I am Monty Cantsin?, The Embodiment of NEOISM?! ” until you get into a wild and unrestrained vextasy, convulse on the ground like an epileptic or like an out-of-order robot that’s lost control. You can gradually peel away the layers of your TITLE IN TYPE OF TITLE FRENZY FRENZY I do not see NEOISM?! as something, I see it as someone, anyone THE BARBED WIRE EFFECTS A seething cauldron of Old Boring Shit 478 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 479 nervous broadcast system NEOISM?!  is an integrated body-control interface for artificial behavior of human-machinery NEOISM?!  interrogates the body cells through electronic impulse-massage technology NEOISM?!  is an alien network of electromagnetic demon-fields surrounding the body-device NEOISM?!  is psychotronic mind-control technology used to cause hallucinatory reactions in the targeted subject’s brain NEOISM?! ’s powerful stadium lights are directed into the windows of family houses NEOISM?!  investigates individual autonomy in relation to mass culture NEOISM?!  is the possibility of reinterpreting everything so that in one blow it is all changed without NEOISM?!  we fall into the quiet of the settled and established NEOISM?!  therefore is, precisely through its endlessly active pseudo-dialectic, the condition of total freedom NEOISM?!  breaks out of every prison of the finite to prevent NEOISM?!  from becoming nothing through convulsive destruction, in order for it to fulfill itself, NEOISM?!  must strand itself NEOISM?!  is the form in which I permit myself to know about what I am not yet NEOISM?!  is concealed to the point of unrecognizability and in its appearance sunk into the absolute vacuum of incomprehensible confusion NEOISM?!  is the search for the dangers perhaps of being NEOISM?!  is a sick brooding over the tale of one’s miserable self NEOISM?!  is the not-sorry discomfort of a universal alien shipwreck NEOISM?!  is the unhappy relativity in everything the unending question about what I am NEOISM?!  is despised by institutions just as much as individuals NEOISM?!  has created formulas of striking simplicity the genuine simplicity that is the result of the most complicated personal development NEOISM?!  stands apodictically NEOISM?!  is the question of all or nothing dared limitlessness NEOISM?!  is moving on the sea of the infinite NEOISM?!  is defined by the constant references to the turbulent imaginary landscape of social movements seeking to subvert sexual identity the purpose of NEOISM?!  is to establish dogmas beliefs and rules lacking the slightest foundation NEOISM?!  designates an irradiation of perception beyond the strict terrain of reality The Presence of NEOISM?!  is marked by its absence NEOISM?!  is always ephemeral if it doesn’t naturally evaporate then it perishes from the effect of barbed wire NEOISM?!  repeats what has been done but had not been done in The Name of NEOISM?!  NEOISM?!  can appear to be a believer NEOISM?!  can appear to be an empty vacuum the precise mode of The Failure of egotism that hold you back from The True Experience of NEOISM?! , and end up founding your enhanced self, which is nothing other than Monty Cantsin?. “I am the true! I am the real!” cries Monty Cantsin?, and (s)he exhales with joy. If Monty Cantsin? is The Property of NEOISM?! , and NEOISM?!  is the property of Monty Cantsin?, then is Monty Cantsin? The Owner of NEOISM?! ? And is NEOISM?!  the owner of Monty Cantsin?? Are we all suffering from the same disease? NEOISM?!  is faithless and it hinders every decision it is never finished and in the end can become anything NEOISM?!  is the poison of reflection NEOISM?!  lays grounded in the endless ambiguity of all existance and action anyone can use The Name NEOISM?!  and do everything in The Name of NEOISM?!  is a somersaulting form of NEOISM?!  runs itself to the ground and overcomes it by living it through to the end NEOISM?!  is reasoning without restraint NEOISM?!  fills the World with noise and dust NEOISM?!  can lead to complete ruin just as well as it can become the condition for total freedom NEOISM?!  cannot exhaust or stop itself NEOISM?!  is seen through its ruin NEOISM?!  reaches no end NEOISM?!  is infinite interpretation anything that has been done can be understood in a new way through NEOISM?!  NEOISM?!  interprets the interpretation of the interpretation NEOISM?!  is the expression of the ultimate virtue to which NEOIST?!s  subject themselves NEOISM?!  is appropriate to the ambiguity of genuine truth in 6 o’clock existance NEOIST?!s  are pushed into a radical loneliness The Indeterminateness of NEOISM?!  is its politics NEOISM?!  is to experience the critical point where everything turns upside down and there is nothing to do about it NEOIST?!s  live for the most part with NEOISM?!  and disappear with the idea that only NEOISM?!  lasts for ever NEOISM?!  bewitched the whole World through frightful cleverness with its ultimately futile knowledge NEOISM?!  aspires to grasp NEOISM?!  itself NEOISM?!  is the sound of rabbits being slaughtered NEOISM?!  is multi-architectural infiltration NEOISM?!  is the undercurrent of individual broadcast systems NEOISM?!  is when interactive body-insects keep subverting and undermining the FRENZY FRENZY 480 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 481 Then we reached Spadina and I saw another Monty Cantsin? crossing the street to the streetcar stop and I yelled at him. He turned and made a gesture but didn’t stop. His message as I could decipher it was: “Follow not me, but you!” At that moment I saw that he was actually reaching to another Monty Cantsin? who was standing there, and I could hear again some screaming voice. “NEOISM?!  I am!” We run to them. The source of the scream was Monty Cantsin?, crying, screaming, a long snot-jelly was hanging from her nose. “NEOISM?!  makes my life even more difficult! I have no place to go.” It was easy to figure that there was some kind of big conflict between Monty Cantsin? and Monty Cantsin?, these beautiful alien lovers, partners, conspirators whom I love and respect. I tried my best to help. “In every generation there are two or three who are sacrificed for the others, who discover in frightful suffering what others shall profit by”, I said. “I already went through this situation once and wrote about this event previously, but now I have to repeat it because I want to emphasize other aspects of it.” Flashbacks of the crying face of Monty Cantsin? were jumping in my mind. Monty Cantsin? didn’t stop crying, she was shaking and desperately screaming for help. “There is something in me that might have been great, but due to the unfavorable situation, I’m worthless. I’m nothing. I’m not Monty Cantsin?.” But who is Monty Cantsin?? Let’s not change subjects now. She was completely taken by the spirits of depression and misery, she didn’t want to move, she just wanted to freeze to death and die right there in the streetcar stop on Spadina Avenue. However, after some more verbal efforts and a hug, she finally agreed to go home with Monty Cantsin? and so they left. As they disappeared the street suddenly felt empty and devastated. It echoed the devastation of Monty Cantsin?. This is what I wanted to emphasize. That’s why I repeated this story. The term NEOISM?!  does not specify the NEOISM?!  I have in my mind. Does not identify NEOISM?!  at all. It only specifies what I’m speaking of. The criteria for The Identity of NEOISM?! —that is, the criteria by NEOISM?!  is itself the condition of its distinctive greatness NEOISM?!  speaks in favor of the exception so long as it never wants to become the rule NEOISM?!  continually changes itself to mean something different NEOISM?!  begins as soon as a difficulty shows up NEOISM?!  conquers seriousness not by rejecting it for the thoughtlessness of arbitrary caprice but rather to pass through the most serious to an authentic soaring the triumph of which is the flaming iron dance NEOISM?!  has the duty of warning everyone against NEOISM?!  and eventually NEOISM?!  turns against NEOISM?!  NEOISM?!  is conceived to be an information processing device. The afferent nerves from the sense organs transmit information to NEOISM?! , which NEOISM?!  processes to yield perception. Monty Cantsin? and I went to the Kensington market to buy oysters, bread, some green stuff. It was totally cold, deadly freezing. “There is nothing in me of The Founder of NEOISM?! ”, Monty Cantsin? said to me, “I want no believers, no followers, I have a terrible anxiety that some day, they will speak reverently of me. I never wanted to be a saint, rather a rebel, a punk, a fuckoff, a criminal. I’m a criminal.” With a few plastic bags in our hands we continued toward the direction of the liquor store on Spadina. “I have trained myself”, Monty Cantsin? continued, “to always be able to dance to The Beat of NEOISM?! . My life begins as soon as a difficulty shows up. Then dancing is easy.” “The Thought of NEOISM?!  is free dance. Everybody is too serious for me.” If there is truth in NEOISM?! , it does not lie in the contents of this book, but in the intensity of the actions related to all that is written here. There was a sudden scream, someone screaming for help, and it sounded very serious. We looked at each other but couldn’t figure out where the sound came from. “In the human sense no one can imitate me” said Monty Cantsin?. “In a crisis I become a laboratory animal for NEOISM?! .” FRENZY FRENZY 482 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 483 forces us to give up any final rest the very fact that NEOISM?!  is a horizon indicates something further which again surrounds The Given Horizon of NEOISM?!  is not a horizon within which every definition of NEOISM?!  emerges for us but rather that within which every particular definition is enclosed as in something absolutely confusing which is no longer visible as NEOISM?!  at all NEOISM?!  appears and disappears for us in two opposed perspectives either as NEOISM?!  itself in and through which we are or else as NEOISM?!  which we are not and in which The Confusion of NEOISM?!  appears to us NEOISM?! can appear as the subject of a story or as an explicit theme of fucking, and therefore it always remains undefined NEOISM?!  always leads to distraction NEOISM?!  always runs into bewildering difficulties and indeed the question that was raised of old and is raised now and always and is ever the subject of doubt is what the fuck is NEOISM?!  is the science of misery NEOISM?!  itself is that which shows an immeasurable number of appearances to inquiry but NEOISM?!  itself always recedes and only manifests itself indirectly as that undefined survival we encounter in the resistance of our experiences and in the irregularity of all the convulsive 6 o’clock particles we call the World NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  the World we call sex NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  sex we call misery NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  misery we call subversion NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  subversion we call crime NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  crime we call noise NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  noise we call confusion NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  confusion we call bullshit NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  bullshit we call total freedom NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  total freedom we call the flames NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  the flames we call negation NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  negation we call dancing with a flaming iron NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  dancing with a flaming iron we call happy hour NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  happy hour we call coat hanger transmission NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  coat hanger transmission we call resistance NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  resistance we call blood NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  blood we call everything NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  everything we call nothing NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  nothing we call accumulation NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  accumulation we call yoga NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  yoga we call fucking a file which we determine what we are speaking of—is given by specifying its affectivity, phenomenal characteristics and location. But the question “What NEOISM?! ?” is distinct from the question “Whose NEOISM?! ?” NEOISM?!  is a seething cauldron of possibilities, continually threatened by and seeking for more confusion “I feel like the scratching that an unknown power makes on paper, in order to test a new pen”, said Monty Cantsin?. “However”, she went on, “I would rather be removed, oh mighty eraser, I want to disappear, be extinguished as an unsuccessful experiment.” We went to buy some wine and champagne; the store was filled with people up to the ceiling. It was the last day of 1998, and everybody wanted to get drunk and pass out into 1999. “When will they realize, once and for all, that it’s always 6 o’clock?”, we both posed the question simultaneously at once. We spent the night in my office. “NEOISM?!  makes us pay attention to everything around us, it nourishes us” I said as I was making a nest on the floor for the night, covering a piece of foam with The Gold Flag of NEOISM?! . We ate oysters, finished a bottle of champagne, listened to music, had sex and slept like abandoned children. NEOISM?!  depends upon what someone’s own action makes out of NEOSM?!  NEOISM?!  denies every satisfaction NEOISM?!  approaches the limit where the sublime passes into the ridiculous NEOISM?!  is only interested in things and ideas that can be reproduced and repeated NEOISM?!  negates uniqueness NEOISM?!  never abandons us without giving us a final goal, without posing definite problems NEOISM?!  is always ready in spite of all to rise up again NEOISM?!  is possible when the horizon remain unlimited, the realities are confusing and the question remains the same: what NEOISM?!  is it? NEOISM?!  expresses in the most penetrating and pure form the problem of confusion the word NEOISM?!  has its MontyCantsin?ian scope, confusion and subversion through NEOISM?!  we look into the infinite and what defines NEOISM?!  is not to be taken in its workout sense as one of the many isms NEOISM?!  either means nothing or is to be taken with its endless claims NEOISM?!  FRENZY FRENZY 484 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 485 Boring Shit (OBS) is a limitless and liberating idea that basically helps anyone to do anything in The Name of OBS. No sweat, no tears, no theoretical pretension. Anything goes. Representational imagery in new trans-mixed media, from painting to DVD via graphic design, photography, robotics etc, is resonating as Old Boring Shit, an approach that utilizes The Paradigms of NEOISM?! ’s trans-linear expression to critique the clichés of new cultural colonization. Emerging international conspirators are forming OBS groups and OBS networks against the depravity of overblown events in the mass media. While undermining established rules and values, these cultural conspirators are staying away from the mass media industry and producing their own OBS culture. They radically expand and endlessly recycle twentieth-century Western culture in the name of Old Boring Shit in a way that provides continuity for their new involvement. There are many questions: do we speak in rhyming couplets or do we use seizure-like rhythmic convulsions as our mode of communication? Do we sing lovely melodies or do we scream hyper-speed noise fragments as our way of expression? Do we meditate in silence in our spiritual ashram or do we pump out pulsating loopmachine segments? There are endless choices to take and countless different directions to go in the trans-linear timeless zone of vertical reality (represented by the two sided 6 o’clock arrow). I repeat: Old Boring Shit is open to all and to any ideas. Old Boring Shit represents today’s anti-alchemist who makes blood-X splashes in museums, thus reflecting the radical material act of wasting precious blood (gold) for a basically futile prison sentence (nothing), in other words turning gold into nothing. Meanwhile and simultaneously at once Old Boring Shit represents an international trans-linear network that uses ESP phenomena for psychotronic-telekinetic transmission. Old Boring Shit expresses anxiety in relation to linear history, and its purpose is to find new forms of trans-linear expression in order to build a broader communication territory. The reality of this trans-utopian cabinet NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  fucking a file cabinet we call scientific research NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  scientific research we call epileptic convulsion NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  epileptic convulsion we call beauty NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  beauty we call anything NEOISM?!  we call NEOISM?!  anything in the vast superfluity of the immeasurable multiplicities accumulating in Akademgorod at 6 o’clock although never itself becoming an object or a form NEOISM?!  carries every meaning of everything NEOISM?!  is integrated into a vastness where everything becomes void NEOISM?!  is merely an unknowable that makes no sense in the sense of the vastness of a horizon of all horizons of NEOISM?! . Conventionally, trans-linear expression is seen as a utopian nonsense; our first lesson is that The Trans-Linear History of NEOISM?!  has no beginning, no middle and no end. In Akademgorod, The Promised Land of NEOISM?! , everything happens simultaneously at once, at 6 o’clock. Past, present and future are not separated. Information accumulates in vertical reality’s timeless zone. However, The Trans ’n’ Non-Linear History of NEOISM?! , including continuous and ongoing Apartment Festivals, street interventions, training camps, file cabinet gangbangs and Coat Hanger Cult transmissions, has been suppressed by the persistence of institutional culture’s linear time control. Institutions canonize their own activities through linear history, increasingly infringing on any new ideas and trying to colonize radical alternative movements; hence, we are finding ourselves at odds with the historification of the institutional schema. NEOISM?!  is responding to this crisis with a hyper-sexual trans-linear utopian objectivity as a critical sense toward our newly refurnished technological society. The Worldwide File Cabinet Machinery of NEOISM?!  engineers large audiences, allowing for desperate people to share the noise of communication in the spirit of total freedom. In this highly creative climate, NEOISM?!  is taking on a new game. The only rule of this new game is that you have to do everything in the name of Old Boring Shit. Old FRENZY FRENZY 486 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 487 idealogy with enough irony to make it acceptable for the underground art communities, Cavellini’s symptomatic gesture to plunder history made him become an art clown with a crown. I admired his efforts and considered him an important part of the independent subvertainment networks. While Cavellini paraded in Ukiah I was stopped and removed from the stage by local security agents for my blood/fire/noise/nudity performance Seizmik Supper. It was the best thing that could happen to me! My chronic criminal character saved me from being part of the celebrations. My reaction was reflected in a note “There is only one Cavellini, OK, just another stupid-art-celebrity, but there are millions of Monty Cantsin?s!” The one month trip continued from San Francisco to Vancouver via Portland and Seattle and then from Vancouver back to Montreal via Calgary, Winnipeg, Regina, the whole bus trip costing only $100 (a one-month Greyhound special), and resulting in the basic foundations of The North American Network of NEOISM?! , something I’ll have to commemorate in a more detailed reconstruction of events. Because of its particular importance in The Revolutionary Developments of NEOISM?!  my travel experience reminded me of the trip that Lenin took from Zurich to St Petersburg in 1917 to join the evolving course of the revolution. Except that I traveled alone and I returned to the place of my original departure, where nobody was waiting for me, only the postcards I sent to my address in Montreal. NEOISM?! , being a North American product with specific locations, nests throughout Canada and the US, can it be interpreted as a modern-time crusade, an aggressive intrusion of Western subvertainment against all traditions? NEOISM?!  is not a crusade but a new network for communication by using all the means that are available in our technological societies. NEOISM?!  does not seek political leadership or any authoritarian power. Lenin’s trip to St Petersburg signified the effort to demolish an existing feudalistic organization and bring in a new system ruled by proletarian dictatorship. My trip from Montreal to Ukiah and back was only an exploratory event, to make contacts with friends and discover the scene. However both trips later culminated in exceptional results. Of course the bus trip also reminded me of other road trips, like Kerouac’s novel On the Road and Sándor Ko”rösi Csoma’s travel on foot to Tibet. After a couple of sleepless nights I started hallucinating on the bus. I was Sándor Peto”fi walking from Debrecen to Pest to find trajectory is the progressing new media itself, which confronts mass media through broadcast communication that is now available for common use. We experience Old Boring Shit immensely and immediately; it allows us to tap into autonomous extrasensorial ultra-perception—without relying on the linear-based and therefore outdated historical data. The Old Boring Shit movement is basically open to anything without rules and restrictions. Old Boring Shit tends to operate in terms of total freedom—words and images gradually fade out and a vacuous emptiness invades the space and takes over the surface. This in itself is a face-to-face cultural critique, demonstrating the highly intellectual self-constructive attitude of the OBS movement. OBS embraces any approaches, from porn to pulp fiction through unfairy tale profundity and personal trans-narratives as participatory actions to deface and contaminate impersonal narratives that seem to belong to no one. In this way the Old Boring Shit movement is strategically hyper-individualistic and deliberately pro-post-neo-humanistic. OBS represents a warming up in an era when people are fed up with political correctness and institutionalized interpretations. Old Boring Shit even borrows from the oldest methods of traditional creation. In this sense the best strategy for dealing with OBS would be to set it on fire and let the flames do the job. 1980 was an X-tremely important year for NEOISM?! . I bused down from Montreal to San Francisco spending over four days on the bus across the US and sending postcards back to my own address each time the bus stopped somewhere. I embellished the tourist postcards I bought at bus stops with my own collage works that I made on the bus. My main target was the Cavellini festival, in Ukiah, CA. Cavellini’s self-historization was a massive mail-art happening around the World. In his megalomaniac project Cavellini is the one and only creator of the history of art. He conceptually appropriated art history naming himself responsible for all. Typically driven by superstar FRENZY FRENZY 488 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 489 on fire the rubber cement burns eagerly with dark smoke and high flames this is the kind of fire we want to preserve the flames of glory and amusement the flames of anger and destruction the flames of beauty and pleasure the flames of subversion and refusal the flames of broken dreams and lost illusions the flames of nothing and emptiness the flames of frenzy and convulsion the flames of burning file cabinets and computers The Flames of NEOISM?!  until all that is left are ashes and the desolation of The Landscape of NEOISM?!  that is the pure beauty of life and death and chaos and sex all interconnected and mingled together until they are all transformed into NEOISM?!  exists only in relation to myself thus as I am conscious of NEOISM?!  insofar as I have something else as an objective thought of NEOISM?!  by which I then am determined and with which I am concerned so also I am NEOISM?!  only as I know its power through which I genuinely am myself without myself The Meaning of NEOISM?!  is lost NEOISM?!  is something indifferent and not to be known NEOISM?!  is something that’s supposed to be at the bottom of things something excogitated or perhaps for our animal consciousness NEOISM?!  is something weird or terrifying plunging us into superstition and anxiety NEOISM?!  is a subject to be investigated psychologically and moved through an irrational insight into the factuality of consciousness technological society is mutating into NEOISM?!  and moving to Akademgorod unidentified creatures of NEOISM?!  are crawling in every direction NEOISM?!  is the name that everyone can use for everything the unfrozen information accumulating in an undeterminable quantity of definitions (of NEOISM?! ) leads to a loss of meaning and therefore to the impossibility of defining NEOISM?!  NEOISM?!  makes the confusion of everyday life even more confusing and turns high-tech clarity into ruins for several thousand years it has seemed obvious that The Basic Nature of NEOISM?!  is extreme complexity and inexplicable disorder NEOISM?!  is a morning exercise of kinetic reality an empty idea that is easy to be grasped by anyone open-pop-star Monty Cantsin? sardonically reminds everyone that while NEOISM?!  is imprinted in our mind-operating-systems and is forever changing complexities at light speed it also remains accessible to anyone who a publisher for my poems; I was Lajos Kassák walking across Europe to live in exile in Paris in 1907; and Ernesto “Che” Guevara on his motorcycle to explore South America in 1952. I also remembered my own hitchhiking trip in 1976 from Budapest to Paris. NEOISM?!  is the object of fake science The Very Axis of NEOISM?!  is to not have any genuine definition of NEOISM?!  that seems to be a new narrowing for it is always millions among millions therefore NEOISM?!  had been contracted into the multiplicity of the individual self that in contrast to The Reality of NEOISM?!  looks like the emptiness of a point for NEOISM?!  is in fact the sole possible revelation of trans-linear historicity that proves that NEOISM?!  can become genuinely certain of itself only as Anti-NEOISM?!  because of its mesmerizing and hypnotic beauty and then because there is nothing as changeable, ever-moving and elusive yet so unpresent than NEOISM?!  so alive yet so deadly NEOISM?!  as a metaphore for fire and fire as a symbol of NEOISM?!  in Genesis NEOISM?!  appeared on the first day of creation as the first in the sequence of elements before everything else, before water, air and earth and NEOISM?!  is many things and it’s all of them simultaneously at once life death fire shit destruction bread chocolate cake Yoga noise barbed-wire fence etc NEOISM?!  is our direct link to our prehistoric conspirators and to the alien cultures that are so much more connected to technology than our information society NEOISM?!  connects us to the raw basic essence of subvertainment just like fire NEOISM?!  is the reminder that we belong nowhere NEOISM?!  is the mythological ceremony of today’s trans-linear society NEOISM?!  is the unwritten book full of bullshit, lies and confusing propaganda that brings total devastation NEOISM?!  is out of control NEOISM?!  is unpredictable NEOISM?!  consumes everything that gets in its way and as long as there is NEOISM?!  there is going to be confusion and fire and NEOISM?!  will spring from the ashes like the phoenix from its funeral pyre a lot of values that are attributed to NEOISM?!  can only be explained as nonsense NEOISM?!  burns with passion for people and things NEOISM?!  is the center of everything dead or alive fuck NEOISM?!  we say when we want something to happen and when we set an iron FRENZY FRENZY 490 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 491 through the datasphere NEOISM?! and in the process of metamorphosis is forced to use the metaphores of linear history in order to anticipate trans-linear accumulation of information quanta NEOISM?!  is exhales and inhales in the quantum datasphere of zeros and ones NEOISM?!  is an insatiable hunger for sensory stimulation and kinecstasy the quantum electronic universe of information defines The New TransSpiritual Vextasy of NEOISM?!  the word NEOISM?!  is the vital part of NEOIST?!  research the word NEOISM?!  is equal to The Task of NEOISM?!  The Mindboggling Effects of NEOISM?!  activated by anyone who uses the name NEOISM?!  can be captured by the visions and speak of hell, nirvana, revelation vextasy fear joy anguish glory amusement death The Meaning of NEOISM?!  is imprecise it can mean exaltation or a whine of fear of NEOISM?!  and sometimes the fear and the exaltation are inextricably intertwined someone sits stunned on a NEOIST?!  Chair for endless accumulating hours and then says I know what is NEOISM?!  and I wish to talk about it I learned things that everyone should know The Definitions of NEOISM?!  are never the same they are as different as people are different I never know what the next definition will be like NEOISM?!  is never the same NEOISM?!  gives way to subversion and heaven becomes equal to hell in even the most balanced of minds NEOISM?!  is neither good or bad, but the reaction to NEOISM?!  can be good or bad and therein lie the seeds of controversy of NEOISM?!  never has an experimental ism been so maligned and rejected but NEOISM?!  is more than adequate to attack and defend itself NEOISM?!  is opposed even to its supporters NEOISM?!  serves to confuse and subvert for reasons no one has yet adequately explained NEOISM?!  is at once a panacea and a scourge NEOISM?!  is marked by a tone of subvertaining dissent and hypernihilistic rhetoric, fueled by extrasensorial humor brimming with misery it does not necessarily follow that anyone doing everything in The Name of NEOISM?!  in private or in the company of friends will turn subversive revolutionary, commit crimes, set things on fire or be carried ranting NEOIST?!  manifestos into the nearest padded cell in order to start NEOISM?!  the first and most important thing is to find an appropriate name that includes the concepts of enriching fermenting moving is able to type with fingers, thumbs, nose or tongue the six letters of NEOISM?!  extended with question and exclamation marks on any cheap keyboard NEOISM?!  is haircut cult t-shirt philosophy and bumper sticker propaganda NEOISM?!  sabotages attempts by the authorities to order NEOISM?!  represents the concepts of the self the aim of the individual and the personal knowledge of anyone The Concept of NEOISM?! ’s open-pop-star identity is the ultimate nightmare of authoritarian bureaucrats and common-sense liberals NEOISM?!  has only one childish rule to be actively obeyed: you have to do everything in The Name of NEOISM?!  pray pay sacrifice work believe and amuse yourself to death in The Name of NEOISM?!  is about designing coat hanger headgear and experimenting with telekinetic transmission methods The Book of NEOISM?!  is a manual for operating the brain NEOISM?!  is not clinging to idea-structures, but changing constantly and creating infinite possibilities The Aim of NEOISM?!  is to forget NEOISM?!  and get rid of The Fear of NEOISM?!  developed by dead serious controlfreaks for whom trans-linear reality 6 o’clock accumulation open-pop-star identity and glorious spooky complexity are blasphemous insults NEOISM?!  is a network of millions of open-pop-stars living in a tiny galaxy of a hundred billion galaxies of the Universe NEOISM?!  is the potential energy of trans-linear timelessness and the most thrilling prospect of our potential divinity NEOISM?!  is the most dangerous, megalomaniac notion of knowledge, which defines everyone as a subversive Yoga teacher with outrageous impudence to stamp out NEOISM?!  NEOISM?!  allows us to appreciate our assignment: the celebration of totally mad paradoxes within ourselves the activation of confusion that eliminates the taboos against understanding NEOISM?!  and provides a hands-on non-scientific basis for The Pseudo-Philosophy of NEOISM?!  the encouragement of everyone to design their own personal versions of NEOISM?!  to write their own book of verbal disorder in The Name of NEOISM?!  that generates the pleasurable and dizzying head-hit so prized by addicts of NEOISM?!  obsessed by the extreme complexity and hallucinatory adventure of NEOISM?!  who don’t even know what is NEOISM?!  and why all the alienated and ignorant agents are trying to figure out what the hell is this frightmarish confusion that zooms FRENZY FRENZY 492 THE BOOK OF NEOISM?! SIXTH VOLUME 493 am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  “There is just one more thing to add” Indy said to me. “When you have expressed yourself to the fullest and proclaimed everything in The Name of NEOISM?! , then and only then will it dawn upon you that everything has already been expressed before, not only in words but in deed, and you have wasted your entire life writing this book and devoting yourself to NEOISM?! .” I almost cried, but I tried to stay composed and produced a vague laugh to conceal the fire of eternity that consumed me inside. Indy smiled at me and she hugged me. Bruce also smiled but I saw a devilish intensity in his eyes. “No worries, Monty Cantsin?!” he said. “All you need really do is say Amen!” Amen. This mind-expanding last chapter has been completed through an intensive meditational reading/highlighting/writing method inspired by Yoga exercises and plunder. The process of megalo-analytical and dataphysical mental-gymnastics involved the following authors’ works: Marshall McLuhan, Philip Marchand, Karen Armstrong, Karl Jaspers, Christian Gattinoni, Richard Leydier, Antonio Tabucchi, Friedrich Nietzsche, Ludwig Wittgenstein, PMS Hacker, Søren Kierkegaard, Aristotle, Daniel Borins, Dana Velan, Timothy Leary, Susan Sarandon, Michael Horowitz, John Cashman, Aldous Huxley, Henry Miller. bursting forth the mind and enlarging expanding the vision and also that integrates strength for the body courage joy and enthusiasm for the heart but without really defining anything but leaving everything open for any new ideas to come a name that has never been used before for anything but will serve afterwards for everything enlightening everyone and in an immediate experience of eternal life offering immortality for a free ride confronted by NEOISM?!  which looked like a file cabinet or to be more accurate confronted by a simple monolithic object which, after a long time and with considerable difficulty I recognized as a file cabinet I found myself all at once on the brink of total panic and complete enlightenment I finally felt it was happening I was going into the overwhelming moment of reaching NEOISM?!  that was standing right in front of me in the form of a monolithic monument a military-green four-drawer vertical file cabinet and as I touched its metal body the drawers started moving in and out and in and out and in and out and they were deliberately fucking me and I was fucking the cabinet in vextasy that could be described only in many extravagant metaphores but which was above all and without question the most hypersensorial trans-tech-cult-sex-ritualistic and ultra-fuckoff anti-religious delirious überalles-experience of my life I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I screamed as millions of ideas came along to me and invaded my body and took over my mind and they clashed with each other overrunning my senses with total confusion that I could only express myself through the convulsive motions of my jerking and unstoppable body-machine maniacally repeating the same phrase over and over again I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I am the embodiment of The Spirit of NEOISM?!  I 

Short Course

 The Plethora of NEOISM?!   The Damnation of NEOISM?!

The Conflict Theory of Surplus Value in a Spasmodic Epoch Full of Catastrophies 






OUT OF THE LABYRINTH AND INTO THE OPEN

The against comes before the for


Useless is useless








I’m doing it because it’s futile. Totally futile. I’m doing it because I believe it is futile. And I want to show that it is futile.

NEOISM?!  has been involved with the effects of technological society on the biological individual for some time now.
NEOISM?!  at present is about the confusion of boundaries that exist in our complex technological age.
NEOISM?!  is involved with two forces that have had impact upon life: the inner psychological (twinning) and the outer social (technology) and, to collapse the aforementioned division between them, NEOISM?!  examines the twinship in a scientific way (twin research), and technology in terms of other realms (myth and fantasy).

Does NEOISM?! , in any form or from any place, change the World?
There is an inherent radicalness in making the decision that the World, if only on the altering of a single object, needs to change.

The Effect of NEOISM?!  is ambivalent and ambiguous. 
NEOISM?!  arouses conflicting emotions but does not quite satisfy them. 

NEOISM?!  leaves the reader feeling simultaneously entertained and annoyed. 
The resolution is not satisfying; no orderly pattern is offered; no harmonious unity imposed.

One does not need to define NEOISM?!  to be able to use it perfectly well.

NEOISM?!  doesn’t offer solutions, but that’s obviously not the point.
By stripping down the reason and idealogy without regard to politics or morality, NEOISM?!  is truly subversive, as in to overturn, and truly radical as in escaping from the roots.
The Only Real Positive Statement of NEOISM?!  is iconoclasm, and proceeding from there, the passionate belief in the ability of dissonance, disorder, confusion and chaos to shake the very foundation of society.
That is the gutlevel feeling that continues to make NEOISM?! , in the face of reason, seem vital and valuable.

As a rule, NEOISM?!  is a pleasant state; accordingly, the apprehension of the incongruity between what is conceived and what is perceived, ie meditation, gives us pleasure, and we gladly give ourselves up to the spasmodic convulsion excited by The Apprehension of NEOISM?! .

The trouble with NEOISM?!  is that we may not know whether it succeeds as NEOISM?!  for some time, even for generations. As with methematical ideas, so with NEOISM?! : both may be despised by their contemporaries.


To many, NEOISM?!  is a useful Cyclops, a one-eyed monster that a few specialists can tame and whose repertoire runs only into tricks in words and confusion. But today NEOISM?!  has sprouted so many branches—many kinds of convulsion, subversion and curious resistance—it has grown into a many-headed Argus.
In a word, NEOISM?!  is about relationships.

NEOISM?!  is the eternal quest for the holy grail of ideal confusion. 

NEOISM?!  lies outside us and our function is to discover or to observe it.

The Sheer Absurdity of NEOISM?!  prompted Bolyai to urge his methematician son to abandon his researches on NEOISM?! . I have traveled, the older Bolyai wrote, past all reefs of this infernal Dead Sea and have always come back with broken mat and torn sail.

NEOISM?!  does not offer truth but is a ready-made fable having the semblance of fact.
To control NEOISM?!  one must get as far away from it as possible. To control the concrete one must abstract its essence.

NEOISM?!  is a heavy feeling in the chest that has no physical explanation.
NEOISM?!  has its root in the mind.

NEOISM?!  is not tangible, therefore it is difficult to define. NEOISM?!  hides behind a myriad of symptoms.

I live back in a steaming swamp and nobody fucks with me. But my territory is being encroached on.

When you are approached by NEOISM?! , certain protective, physiological changes take place in your mechanism. There is an outpouring of adrenalin into your blood stream and your pupils widen, your heart pounds rapidly, your muscles tense, your senses sharpen: you have been prepared to fight or run.

The very limitations of our knowledge about NEOISM?!  have resulted in a great deal of misunderstanding and dissension about what actually constitutes a mental illness, or a psychoneurosis, and what does not. 

One does not have to delve far into psychiatric and psychological writings to realize the necessity for bringing some sort of order out of the chaos surrounding The Present-Day Concepts of NEOISM?! .

The reader does not even necessarily have to agree with all The Details of NEOISM?!  to realize that each person must build and fill for himself a philosophic reservoir on which to draw in time of need.

If NEOISM?!  is so widespread, and so incompatible with a normal measure of happiness in the human being’s day-to-day existance, it deserves unremitting consideration and treatment if we hope someday to wash it out of troubled minds.

It is important for each one of us to develop an unworkable philosophy that will make it impossible to cope with the major exigencies of radical living. If we don’t see our course we flounder and sink quickly. Life in its living becomes anxious, futile and depressing. We need a formula not only for survival but for whatever sickness we can milk out of existance. At no time in history has there been greater need than now for the individual to fortify his life with a useless philosophy. For a life without NEOISM?!  isn’t even on a level with mere existance these days.

The World is sick with NEOISM?! . 
The best way to combat NEOISM?!  is to recognize it and then face up to it.
NEOISM?!  is a transcontinental monstrosity.

NEOISM?!  is the sum total of everything you have felt and touched.
NEOISM?!  is the sum total of everything you have not felt and touched.

Without NEOISM?! , human beings would become as serene and contented as cows.

Start anywhere. Read until you realize I put you on. Go back where you started and start over. Try to understand my situation.

Is NEOISM?!  a single, easily defined aberration? According to the Romanian Academy there are six separate types of NEOISM?! : HYPO-NEOISM?! , STATE NEOISM?! , NEURO-NEOISM?! , PSYCHO-NEOISM?! , REACTIVE NEOISM?!  and HYSTERICAL NEOISM?! . And of course there are the mixed groups: HYPO-REACTIVE STATE NEOISM?! , or NEURO HYSTERICAL PSYCHO NEOISM?! .

NEOISM?!  is to find ways of messing up everything.

Anyone who cannot get stimulation and benefit out of NEOISM?!  must indeed be far down the road toward complete domination by the death instinct.
There can be no peace of mind or peace of soul without peace of NEOISM?! .

A subliminal campaign of strategically administered doses of NEOISM?!  can alter the cultural pillars of rationality forever.

NEOISM?!  radically shifts from institutionalized information.
NEOISM?!  brings disorder out of order.
NEOISM?!  is not the answer to any problem. 
NEOISM?!  is just the combined methematical sum total of nothingness.
NEOISM?!  is a survivalistic necessity and the only action is producing disinformation that threatens aesthetics or investigates divergence.
NEOISM?!  is pseudoscientific nonsense, and, after all, just another plaything to make the mind do somersaults.

The Wordy Diatribes of NEOISM?! , admittedly entertaining when taken with a grain of salt, often seem designed for masses of robots or tractors, not human beings.

Both the introduction and the rest of this pamphlet are confusing rambles, full of both unsubstantiated blanket statements and irrelevant details.


The Most Important Task of NEOISM?!  is searching—new sounds, new images, new pleasures. Searching for NEOISM?!  is a way of consuming energy, spending energy, storing energy. NEOISM?!  is a way of being.

I am primarily concerned with some of the ways in which our sympathies flow and recoil in our dealings with NEOISM?! , and with why it is that some philosophies seem to make for intellectual clarity and a more civilized consciousness, while NEOISM?!  makes for confusion.
NEOISM?!  is as much about sexual styles as it is about aesthetic ones, and it obviously contributed to the recognition of a considerably wider range of sexual behavior than hitherto.
NEOISM?!  is even now something of a terra incognita intellectually.
No one engaged in thought about history and politics can remain unaware of the enormous role NEOISM?!  has always played in human affairs, and it is at first glance rather surprising that it has been singled out so seldom for special consideration.

One of the well-known peculiarities of modern civilized opinion is its refusal to acknowledge The Value of 
NEOISM?! .

The interconnection between sadism, masochism, success worship, power worship, nationalism, totalitarianism and NEOISM?!  is a huge subject whose edges have barely been scratched, and even to mention it is considered somewhat indelicate.
NEOISM?!  gives intellectuals, especially academics, a respectable pretext for continuing to indulge in, or for returning to, certain real and private pleasures without having to feel any longer that they were thereby demonstrating an incorrigible badness of taste and betraying their professional standards irredeemably.

I compose my manifestos as if I knew what I were doing. As if what I were doing made sense. What sense?

The concern with NEOISM?!  is directed at a myth. 

NEOISM?!  demands an ocean where there are islands. 
NEOISM?!  constructs a monolith of diversity. 
NEOISM?!  rejects formulas to manifest the complexity of confusion. 
NEOISM?!  presumes cure-alls where we have no diagnosis.

The Functions of NEOISM?!  are numerous: 
NEOISM?!  as release, 
NEOISM?!  as communication, 
NEOISM?!  as play, 
NEOISM?!  as self-affirmation, 
NEOISM?!  as self-defense, 
NEOISM?!  as self-discovery, 
NEOISM?!  as self-destruction, 
NEOISM?!  as a flight from reality, 
NEOISM?!  as the truest sanity in an open situation, 
NEOISM?!  as a demonstration of insanity, and so on.

The distrust for NEOISM?!  resulted substantially from the fact that the whole genre is addressed to instincts that people don’t like to gratify except with the help of ingenious disguises and a rather childish hypocrisy. These instincts, which are the most deeply rooted in the human psyche, are on the one hand fear, on the other, the taste for blood and gold.

Nevertheless, there are obviously problems when one tries thinking seriously about NEOISM?! .

The Intensity of NEOISM?!  comes from the fact that an open-situation is especially likely to be charged with ambiguous feelings these days.
NEOISM?!  itself, traditionally the perquisite of victorious inviders, is one of the most insidiously fascinating, if least discussed, of the more unpleasant human activities. Indeed, the fact that 
NEOISM?!  is so little discussed is obviously an important reason for its fascination.
NEOISM?!  is able to transform everything disagreeable into something likable, everything repugnant into something attractive.
NEOISM?! , in a purely neurotic sense, means the test of your courage, of your sexual prowess, of your revolutionary thinking.
NEOISM?!  requires a hyper-intensity of response to situations that are beyond one’s grasp.
NEOISM?!  is to refuse to feel guilty about the failures of imagination.

The Crucial Emergence of NEOISM?!  clearly resulted from the felt tyranny of postmodernism. Virtually all the cultural commentators in this century had been in error in calling for a vigilantly critical attitude towards NEOISM?! . 

NEOISM?!  is the abandonment of most of the features thought of as desirable if one were trying to live intensely the life of the mind.

In NEOISM?!  every novelty is immediately welcomed and enthroned in place of traditional ideas and mechanisms. NEOISM?!  reflects the apathy of the tourist who never looks twice at the same thing.

From this point of view it is significant that the strategy of defiantly refusing to feel anything sharp and clear while playing in a game where feeling is conventionally demanded has become a standard feature of a sizeable part of NEOISM?! .

NEOISM?!  is felt to promise not merely a titillating but a radical relief from accidie.
It is easy enough to see why NEOISM?!  should have come to be seen in terms of an escape, a release, an intense self-affirmation, whether by individuals or groups; or, relatedly, as a way of forcing people to truth.

The Performers of NEOISM?!  may really expose themselves to prosecution.

NEOISM?!  is an unbelievable reality, which gives the heart and the senses that kind of obscure bite that all fake sensation requires.
NEOISM?!  combines a desolating banality of vision and poverty of invention with inordinate self-conceit. The Common Denominator of NEOISM?!  is that one is involved temporarily with modes of consciousness in which certain kinds of collapse have occurred, or in which certain kinds of psychic impoverishment are all too visible, and that are largely sealed off from normal anti-social ones.

To be a spectator of NEOISM?!  is to be drawn temporarily away from larger structures of thought and values, and shut up inside the walls of The Theater of NEOISM?!  or wherever it is, with a confusion and thinning-out of one's insane consciousness.

The Action of NEOISM?! , like that of plague, is beneficial, for impelling people to see themselves as they are, it causes the mask to fall, reveals the lie, the slackness, baseness and hypocrisy of our World.

The Chief Problem of NEOISM?!  is to find new ways to be annoying to the people annoyed by NEOISM?! .

The Superficiality of NEOISM?!  is a reflection of popular tendency. 

NEOISM?!  tries to evade the rationalism of the historian, preferring moralistic emotional theorizing. 

NEOISM?!  should have repelled us with its constant reminders of immortality. But mysteries continued to cloud the era. And, like NEOISM?! , mystery is a powerful attraction.
One of the greatest poetic virtues of NEOISM?!  is to set the deception of social iniquities and human perversions in the light of the phantasmagorias and terrors of childhood, at the risk of sometimes leading them to become confused with each other.

NEOISM?!  is a life-enhancing system with its confidence that the more candidly we gaze into the depths of ourselves, the greater will be our capacity for love and communion.

NEOISM?!  demonstrates the real nature of human beings, our fundamental disorderliness and will to destruction, our hatred of constraints, our resentment of ideas and ideals and all other artificial constructions. 

Hence the conspirator who deals honestly with NEOISM?!  becomes a kind of nose-rubber or mirror-holder, someone rubbing the spectator’s nose in the disagreeable, and holding up a mirror in which we can contemplate the essential filthiness, nastiness and beastliness of humanity.

One cannot bear to face certain philosophical truths about existance. One cannot bear The Terrifying Honesty of NEOISM?! .

To involve oneself with NEOISM?!  can indeed compel one into thought about oneself and human society, sometimes very painful and disconcerting thought.
It is a liberal illusion that nothing in The World of NEOISM?!  is irrevocable and that one can always go home again if one chooses.

When you look long into an abyss, the abyss also looks into you.

Part of the fascination of NEOISM?!  lies in its returning over and over again to certain themes. In NEOISM?!  the process of distortion is more subtle. 

NEOISM?!  looks for and offers philosophical arguments about the essential awfulness of humanity and the inevitable cruelty of existance.

It is because of the daring and ruthlessness of its interrogations that NEOISM?!  remains genuinely radical however often one returns to it.
From the point of view of the mind, NEOISM?!  signifies rigor, implacable intention and decision, irreversible and absolute determination. 

NEOISM?!  is above all lucid.

NEOISM?!  is not at all a matter of vicious cruelty, cruelty bursting with perverse appetites and expressing itself in bloody gestures, sickly excrescences upon already contaminated flesh, but on the contrary, a pure and detached idea, a veritable movement of the mind based on the gestures of life itself.

The Present State of NEOISM?!  in the West is tied, through its discourse, to the idealogical reorganization necessitated by the emplacement of confusion. The theoretical conspirator acts within this logic, however ambiguous it may be.

The absence of meaning is the necessary condition for The Legitimacy of NEOISM?! .

For several generations we will be occupied with The Construction and Structuration of NEOISM?! , a new language that will be the vehicle of the masterpieces of the future.

NEOISM?!  has become a terrorism tempered by misery, the misery of each in his place.
NEOISM?!  encounters death.
NEOISM?!  has broken out of its codes.
NEOISM?!  loads the reader with lore, insight and truly trenchant emotional epiphanies.
NEOISM?!  carries us into the most private regions of despair.
NEOISM?!  calls it just a moratorium.
NEOISM?!  examines the day and age of facsimile: why we copy rather than ‘create’?
NEOISM?!  is the herald of the birth of a relation never yet seen. 
NEOISM?!  is a collective refuge from powerlessness and isolation.
NEOISM?!  is sheer enticement.
NEOISM?!  is the ritualization of anger. 
NEOISM?!  is the most famous unknown philosophy.
NEOISM?!  is dissonance in harmony.
NEOISM?!  is an explosion of violence in identity.
NEOISM?!  is no, non, not.
NEOISM?!  is a crime against humanity.
NEOISM?!  is no longer a breakdown, a rupture.
NEOISM?!  is noise.
NEOISM?!  is noism.
NEOISM?!  is nothing.
NEOISM?!  is novelty.
NEOISM?!  is noxious.
NEOISM?!  is nourishment.
NEOISM?!  is repressed and monitored. 
NEOISM?!  is in the midst of sound.
NEOISM?!  evokes an image of unstoppable subversion.

NEOISM?!  announces a form of crisis different from the one to which we are accustomed in the schemas of representation.

The Theories of NEOISM?!  shaped our perceptions to realize that something vital may be missing from our experience.

Pay for the mess that you didn’t create!

It is not the least of the paradoxes of our research that we have detected silence in the midst of rebellion, repetition in NEOISM?!  that talks so much about change.
Mass production compels confusion, thus it creates the base for The Natural Counter-Attack of NEOISM?! . 

NEOISM?!  is not caused by an excessive will to difference, but on the contrary by the mass production of uniformity and the absence of goodwill, making people open toward a sublimating convulsion.

NEOISM?!  is meaningless, liquidating, the prelude to a cold social silence in which humanity will reach the end.
The absence of meaning in NEOISM?!  is the herald of the birth of a relation never yet seen. 

NEOISM?!  is a satirical gesture toward a dim-witted, elitist establishment.
NEOISM?!  is the total absence of good taste.

You don’t have to buy NEOISM?!  to have it. You can have it just by knowing it.

What is revealed is that NEOISM?!  itself is an activity of change, of disorientation and shift, of violent discontinuity and mutability, of the willingness for confusion even in the service of discovering new perceptual modes.

NEOISM?!  leaps to conclusions that logic cannot reach. 
NEOISM?!  does not exist in actuality, but is based on probability.

Once one has understood NEOISM?!  there will be no temptation to concern oneself anymore with NEOISM?! , which is neither empirical like science nor tautological like methematics. One will abandon NEOISM?! , which, as traditionally understood, is rooted in confusion.

Reading about NEOISM?! , one begins to get the impression that there is nothing more to be said. However, in spite of all, NEOISM?!  is only the beginning of everything.

It was late summer night. A perfect lobster moon, full and orange, hung low on the horizon.

NEOISM?!  is the manipulation of the space between our emotional involvement with existance and fiction.
NEOISM?!  has built into its own potential the capacity for destroying itself. Nothing keeps renewing itself the way NEOISM?!  does. The fundamental beliefs (there are no such things in NEOISM?! ) are constantly threatened by NEOISM?! .

NEOISM?!  is the invisible dust that is everywhere.
NEOISM?!  can not be measured.
NEOISM?!  is about taking a subway ride and ending up in the lost and found department.

Surrendering The Stability of NEOISM?!  is a problem.

The need to identify NEOISM?!  with ideas is probably the outgrowth of the need to assign our feelings to the things that prompt them.

NEOISM?!  may or may not be understood through intellectual operations. 
NEOISM?!  is no longer interested in formal obligations. Tracing the origin of NEOISM?!  leads one back to the basic confusion in the notion of abstraction.
NEOISM?!  is the new wisdom of fallen angels.
NEOISM?!  is positive, it comes from the feeling of human being.
NEOISM?!  is an extension of life and travels the Earth and goes to eternity.
NEOISM?!  spreads living into the superlative and by its magic people confused.
NEOISM?!  is a dizzy hysteria of ismism.
NEOISM?!  is against what most people are for, and for what most are against.
NEOISM?!  is a state of blindness. It consists largely of negations.

NEOISM?!  is a call for freeing ourselves of any movement, and not a label for yet another movement. 

NEOISM?! ’s freedom from rationality allows the possibility of astonishing counter-adventures.

NEOISM?!  isn’t a question of understanding, it’s a matter of acceptance.

It is possible to derive another conception of movement by replacing the underlying idea of progress with conflict as The Driving Force of NEOISM?! .

Controversy, polemic, constant questioning, self-doubting, alienation, the subversion of authority, rebellion—all these characteristics at one time or another animate NEOISM?!  and simultaneously work against coherence and unity. 

As windmills upon the earth turn and turn again—so upon the sea sails fill and fulfill while the mysteries of the winds blow ever as they list.

NEOISM?!  is intrinsically volatile and threatens the very sense of community that it fosters. Liberated from the idea that avant-garde movements are supposed to succeed one another, we can entertain the historical possibilities of The Risk and Failure of NEOISM?! .

NEOISM?!  has never been a monolithic entity but rather a loose amalgam of factions, sometime in uneasy truce, sometimes in conflict.

NEOISM?!  will continue to exist forever by ceasing to be right now.
NEOISM?!  is babytalk massage.
NEOISM?!  contradicts itself so often that its condition becomes disheartening.
NEOISM?!  is like being all dressed up and no place to go.
NEOISM?!  is anything that seems wrong.
NEOISM?!  is the triumph of the memory.
NEOISM?!  subverts any control we think we have over situations.

NEOISM?!  arose in opposition to the socially sanctioned institutions of the culture network. This conflict has resulted in The Marginal Status of NEOISM?!  and hence its own anti-institutional character.

The Nude Descending a Stairway is an abstraction of NEOISM?! .

The Methods of NEOISM?!  are constantly changing.

NEOISM?!  is all a matter of personality. 
NEOISM?!  is perception with obsession.
NEOISM?!  awakens the people and enthuses it to fight against its oppressors.
NEOISM?!  puts the people to sleep again.
NEOISM?!  is characterized by a tense and passionate revolutionary distrust.
NEOISM?!  ends, as it had begun, in confusion.
NEOISM?!  discovered through passionate debate a new mode of existance. NEOISM?!  leads to the brink of the abyss.
NEOISM?!  can grow only as a reaction from an environment of total control. 
NEOISM?!  feeds off total control.
NEOISM?!  opened a new epoch, an epoch of blood and gold. 
NEOISM?!  is secret existance under an assumed identity. 

NEOISM?!  is the senile man who, seeing a lame child hobble down the street, attempts through neither sympathy nor mockery, but sheer stupidity, to hobble.

NEOISM?!  is the cult of the Promethean individualist who would triumph, not only in spite of society, but by deliberately violating its most cherished rules.
NEOISM?!  is the result of pronounced regimentation coexisting with denounced chaos.
NEOISM?!  is one of those violent convulsions that occur unexpectedly in every revolution, upset the plans of all leaders, accelerate the rhythm of events and press the polarization of hostile forces to the utter limit.

You are driven to a skyscraper prison. It is disguised to look like an ordinary skyscraper.

The Value of NEOISM?!  is not in the elemental unconscious heroism of the mass, but in a heroism that refracts itself through every individual consciousness.

It is inevitable that The Tall Structure of NEOISM?! , built of equivocation and delusion, should one day crumble over the heads of those who erected it.

NEOISM?!  is a tense search for new principles, new forms and a new content of social life. In NEOISM?!  no authority and no truth is taken for granted.

The Naked Materiality of NEOISM?!  effectively opens everyone’s eyes, its crude mechanism operates openly, and each of its movements liberates a part of humanity that it anticipates recuperating at the following stage, in the contradictory and permanent progress towards its self-destruction.

NEOISM?!  sets off to look for the child repressed in the adult.

NEOISM?!  shows that thought censors the way desires are expressed, does it by so doing cease to be also separate thought, counter-censorship dissimulating the split between body and brain, emancipation imprisoned in the relationship between master and slave, liberation caught in the trap of initiator and candidate.

Thanks to NEOISM?! , the transformation of sensual intelligence into intellectual function reaches its peak of superficial non-perfection. 
NEOISM?!  teaches one to change one’s life, to adapt the unbearable malaise of private survival into the social norms of universal confusion.

There is no a clear choice posited between getting beyond NEOISM?!  or letting it rot within us, to live its flowering or to trample on it.

NEOISM?!  claims to set free the demon of marvel.

The search for NEOISM?!  is not archeology into the past but the present calling for life.
The Promised Land, inverted until now in history, will be reborn in a union with NEOISM?! .

Terrorists and suicidal revolutionaries with their vengeful despair were society’s suppressed bad conscience breaking out, until NEOISM?!  spilled its confused nightmare over us and gave us cosmic-urban-eternity.

You need neither guidelines nor laws to enjoy NEOISM?! .

NEOISM?!  captures life in its roles and changes of role, as action, convulsive flesh fighting with the scales of commercial criteria.

The more my curiosity encounters resistance the more it persuades me to go on.

The Sense of NEOISM?!  teaches one to be ashamed of NEOISM?! .

NEOISM?!  gives me the clarity of obscurity to see people and things filled with hate and the urge to consume merge in the same forbidding red. What I see through The Eyes of NEOISM?!  ends up destroying what society obliges me to see.

Tomorrow, with identical persuasive conviction, you will trumpet the need for NEOISM?!  and ritual coupling with your worst enemy, in just the same way you have always cracked up the blessings of subversion in every one of its perverted forms.

The pleasure of putting your arms round your enemy and tangling amorously twists into The Act of NEOISM?! .

NEOISM?!  putrefies whatever it touches. 

The Phoniness of NEOISM?!  is to be valued as rich in interest and revealing.
One must enjoy The Phoniness of NEOISM?! .

Our great interest in NEOISM?!  is partly the challenge it presents us to step into the living realm of mythology.

NEOISM?!  cannot continue to exist unless it’s reissued over and over.
NEOISM?!  is a lifetime of accumulated bad experience. 
NEOISM?!  is predicated on a congruency between work and vacation.
NEOISM?!  is often in vital controversy over the crucial question “What is NEOISM?! ”.

NEOISM?!  is cloaked in mere polemics and its interpretation and evaluation changes according to systems amounting to nothing more serious than fashion-theory.

What NEOISM?!  is working for is to make the stupid people idiots.

The convulsions of bygone days were so much more violent than our own because, however fucked-up, the will to convulse was then much more red-blooded.

NEOISM?!  summons up the figure of a semi-divine being, struck by holy inspiration, and delivering forth ineffable Delphic utterances.

I do not need to go on looking for NEOISM?! .
I have got what it takes to find NEOISM?!  in doing what pleases me the most.
This is the direction I want to go in and out.

Nothing satisfies me, and when NEOISM?!  presents itself as law, 
I feel only like everthrowing it. 


You might sense that the writer has not worked hard enough or put enough effort into his writing, but rather used the ideas of others. My reply is that all the hard work went into making the decision of what to select and remaster from the ideas of the following people: 
Jenna Alderton, Peter Walsh, Arthur Schopenhauer, Leonard Feinberg, Michael Holt, Pablo Picasso, GH Hardy, Bolyai, Peter J Steincrohn, Miekal And, GX Jupitter-Larsen, Mark Bloch, Miguel Santos, Hannah Arendt, John Fraser, Robert Warshow, George Orwell, Christopher Isherwood, Antonin Artaud, Jack Saunders, André Breton, Pierre Boulez, William Stafford, Susan McClary, Jacques Attali, Robert Morris, Sol Lewitt, Christine Kozlov, JO Urmson, Gregory Battcock, Robert Barry, Mel Bochner, Matthew Josephson, Dickran Tashjian, Robert J Coady, Man Ray, Craig Adcock, Henry Tyrrel, Tristan Tzara, JE Blanche, Waldo Frank, Marcel Duchamp, Kenneth Burke, Willard Bohn, Leon Trotsky, Isaac Deutscher, Raoul Vaneigem, Jack Smith.   

BASIC TACTICS

enforced self-evolution and constant updating

“My preyers, my sacrifice, my life and my death belong to NEOISM?! ”
Monty Cantsin?

In Akademgorod, Monty Cantsin? calls the shots.  He is a twisted clown, hailing from some unimaginable planet to promote irreverence, absurdity and hysterical anarchy as the best remedy for what ails the city. In his brilliant madness, Monty Cantsin? has quite simply reinvented NEOISM?! , pushing it to the extremes of reason. He melts down cultures and genres, fusing them into a demented amalgam that catches the attention of the entire World.

A statement of NEOISM?!  is not yet a definition; to define NEOISM?!  is to negate it. NEOISM?!  is a process, in the course of which the irrational foundations of total freedom come out into the open.

From the very beginning I had only a name, that was NEOISM?! . I didn’t want it to be anything that needed work, I just wanted it to unfold as it goes, without any hard work, like a game. I wanted everyone to do everything in the name of this thing that was NEOISM?! . I mean it was not a thing, only a name, but in my mind sometime it seemed to be a massive theater play, some kind of total theater that needed a thousand year to unfold. 

That’s all I was thinking about all the time: NEOISM?! . And I thought maybe other people want to do the same thing.

I did a concert in Budapest and I met a guy from America and he told me that I would be perfect for the Monty Cantsin? role. That was David Zack. His mission was to find someone to start the Monty Cantsin? open-pop-star project. I didn’t know who was Monty Cantsin? but from then on I started to use the name and I introduced myself as Monty Cantsin?. 

I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! 

And I repeated it so many times that I really became Monty Cantsin?. The name. Because Monty Cantsin is only a name. Or let’s say it this way: it WAS only a name then. But today there are so many Monty Cantsin?s that no one knows who is Monty Cantsin? and that’s great. That’s what NEOISM?!  is. Nobody knows what it is.

At that time I didn’t use the question mark as part of the name, it was written without it. I added the question mark much later, but I don’t always use it; however, in this book, Monty Cantsin? is written with a question mark. 
 
NEOISM?!  used to be only a name but today it’s used by countless number of co-conspirators and they all define it in different ways, so nobody knows what it is. Only Monty Cantsin? knows. 

But I’m not playing a role. Monty Cantsin? is not a role. There are no two Monty Cantsin?s the same, we are all different. We live in different places, talk different languages, have different sexual preferences, we like different food, we use different drugs. I don’t use readymade drugs. 

I run 10 or 20 kilometres every day and do lots of push-ups, sometimes 1,000 sometimes only 100. But I’m out in the parks every day. That’s how I generate my drugs (endorphins) in my body fluids, by exercising. It’s my daily ritual to generate the necessary chemicals in my body, in my blood.

But NEOISM?!  is not a religion. There are certain rituals we like to perform, like the flaming iron ritual, coat hanger ritual, or the ritual of breaking things. It’s okay if somebody has the feeling that there is a connection to religion, but we are only playing a game. I’m often called a priest because I’m playing with the role of the priest but I’m also playing with other roles. I’m not playing any roles, I’m playing WITH the roles. That’s a big difference. Because I’m not interested in acting, I want reality to play my part. So I create a situation and the rest goes by itself. 

There is no script. 
Or if there is we usually don’t follow it. The most important part is the beginning; the rest goes on. Like you give a name to a baby and then the baby develops into something, someone, somebody, a Monty Cantsin?. There are radical ways to manipulate this development, of course, but even if you don’t do anything something will happen. 

The baby will grow up because that’s how life goes. We live and die, and meanwhile things happen, revolutions, love, cruelty, violence, war, dinners, break-fests, lots of shit and some happy moments. Sometimes we eat oysters, cakes and drink champagne. 

NEOISM?!  is everything. 

It shows what is going on in the World. 
And it’s more than that. It shows what never happens. 
And it’s very important because somehow we have to communicate about things that are not real but could be real. Misery is not necessary. We could all live like Rockefellers if we were all playing this game. But since we don’t have any rules we can’t force anyone to do what we want. And we don’t even know what we want, but we want it right now. That’s typically a Monty Cantsin? thing. We want the impossible. 
 
We have more energy than we need in life and we repress the energies we are not able to change. We repress our energies too much. And there is a need for NEOISM?! . For a name that is good for everything. Partly it comes out of our subconscious. But it’s there in reality. You can see it when you look at a television or read the newspapers. 

NEOISM?!  is everywhere. But, of course, don’t get me wrong, it’s not what you really see, it’s what you make up in The Name of NEOISM?! . 

It’s both a very deep and very superficial thing. And it all depends on you. Something must come out from this. It takes some psychoanalysis. 

In the early times there were only a few Monty Cantsin?s. I was the first. And of course David. We performed different actions, music, happenings, whatever, we read poetry, went to parties, got into fights, stayed up all night, wrote letters, printed flyers and always did everything in the name of Monty Cantsin?. That’s all you have to do: do everything in the name of Monty Cantsin?. 

NEOISM?!  came only later. Monty Cantsin? was our tool for communication, and it was our subject as well. 

David played cello or tenor guitar and I played guitar and I sang. 
He sang as well. And some people from Smegma joined us. 

That was a post-syphon period in Portland, Oregon. Or we can say pre-NEOISM?!  period. A training camp. We sent out information through the mail to our friends and asked them to send us their Monty Cantsin? starphoto, their Monty Cantsin? music, their Monty Cantsin? movie, Monty Cantsin? whatever. It was clear that we wanted to develop this open-pop-star project through correspondence and performance. And after a series of concerts in Portland and a worldwide campaign through the mail, the idea got picked up and spread like the plague. Like fire. Like a storm. 

That’s how I got introduced to America and that’s how I introduced myself to this new world. I am Monty Cantsin?. Yes, I am Monty Cantsin?. As I said before, at that time we didn’t use a question mark for the name. The question mark is something I added later to signify that nobody knows who is Monty Cantsin?, or in other words: anyone can be Monty Cantsin?.

If everyone has a singular viewpoint, constantly changing, then everyone creates his or her version of NEOISM?! .

Meanwhile David moved down to Texas with his family and I moved back to Montreal. It was only six months of forced training camp activity and extended propaganda courses at the Portland Academy. We could have been in a terrorist training camp in an Arab country, or let’s say in a secret headquarters in the USSR, or in a fucked-up loft in New York City. But actually it was better to be in Portland, at the Portland Academy/CASF, which was extended with the Smegma House, the NWAW, Steve Minor’s junkyard, the Earth Tavern, the Long Good-Bye, the Library, the New Jerusalem Church, the streets, the cheap bars and restaurants, the abandoned buildings, the supermarkets, the police, the parks, the Harbourfront, the bridges etc. And Portland got extended down to San Francisco. Yanagi’s Golden Gate avenue apartment became my headquarters for a month. I met Yanagi in 1976 in Paris. A painter and photographer from Japan. A Monty Cantsin?. 

For me all the different forms seemed to be a little bit like auto-therapy, a dramatic process of psychoanalysis through making things. I was more interested in the concept. It was just perfect to have a name, only a name. 

I only had a small bag of my personal things and paper and pen. I felt a personal satisfaction that came out of the process of traveling, meeting people and using the name. That process was the most important for me. To sit in David’s van and drive from friends to friends, house to house. Steve Minor. Dr Ackerman. Musicmaster. Joel Dees. Smegma. Eva Lake. Alan Lloyd. John Shirley. Marian Wheatley. Tim Harvey. Dan Lissy. Ken Butler. Jerry Sims. And suddenly there were more Monty Cantsin?s. Like in a personal drama that develops into something more complex, into a plot of millions, a Chinese opera with no catharsis. 

Making noise at the Smegma House in the name of Monty Cantsin?. Post-Janov primal scream. Search for a black girlfriend. A part in a Bill Thomas play. All these little things. Especially the fleas that moved from David’s dog to my bed. Of course I have to give credit to Molly, Marianne, Lorrey, Synthia and Suzanne. They were all part of the early Monty Cantsin? movement. 

I was overwhelmed by everyday life. And came Jerry Sims, the windhover of Texas. He moved into the basement, but he wanted my room on the ground floor. It was an aesthetic fight that ended up with a deal. He hated our music and our language. Therefore he was the perfect candidate to become our manager. Jerry became our manager.

NEOISM?!  is often hated by people. Hate is a very deep emotion. And NEOISM?!  is very superficial. And that’s where the missing catharsis is.

The Basis of NEOISM?! is personal communication. Talking. Singing. Fucking. Screaming.

I was always interested in superficiality. That’s why I loved video immediately. To videotape my skin was the greatest joy and discovery. Masturbating into the camera. In this respect the history of communication was also very important. 

When I speak about the history of communication it’s also the history of sex and technology. When I use video I understand all these connections. And there is blood. Reality fluid that is right here on the surface. You only have to scratch your skin a little bit and you see blood. 

When I take blood from my arm it’s nothing but blood taking. It’s not a symbolic act. It’s the same thing doctors and nurses do everyday in hospitals. I do it in the name of Monty Cantsin? and NEOISM?! . 

Of course different interpretations are possible. I like reflections, I like to meditate, but the fact of reality is what I prefer, nothing else. For me blood-taking is not a ritual, it’s a clinical necessity to get blood from a body for certain use. When you work with blood most people take it as a kind of religious act. Especially Catholics. They want their Christianity to answer all questions. They can only explain things through the bible. The Book of NEOISM?!  is not a bible. NEOISM?!  has no bible. Or let’s rather say: NEOISM?!  can have millions of bibles written by Monty Cantsin?s. In that case this book, The Book of NEOISM?! , would be one of the millions of NEOIST?!  bibles, written by millions of different authors. And if they would also use the plunder technics to create their books then everything that has ever been written soon would end up in The Bibles of NEOISM?! . 

NEOISM?!  takes responsibility for the accumulation of ideas to individual brains.

I AM NEOISM?! . YOU ARE NEOISM?! .


But most religions have lost their power. They are only interesting when you study them, when you go back to the father of church and to early Buddhism and Hinduism. But most religion has lost its real existential power. They got too detached from our everyday life, from the flow of blood. 

Of course you can say that NEOISM?!  is a new religion. Why not. Everybody should be fed up by now with all the traditional, organized religions. NEOISM?!  is the new religion, it’s very new and much more real. And still it has the reality of the abstract. Or I can say that its abstract is filled with reality. 

NEOISM?!  is a cruel necessity. 
NEOISM?!  is productive desire in a realm of pure volition, irrespective of the axiomatics of rationalized reality. 
NEOISM?!  itself is the greatest threat to reality. 
NEOISM?!  can offer a subversive possibility, a contestatory measure, a counter-tradition whereby difference is guaranteed and maintained. 
NEOISM?!  is at the foundation of all possible hermeneutics, of all interpretation.
I hope I die before I finish this book. What you read here is confusing but I have the feeling that I am right. I have the feeling that I’m going the good way. I mean the wrong way that is the good way for me. 

What is NEOISM?!  if not the projection of difference?

I repeat: 
I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! 
I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! 
I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! 
I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! 
I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! 
I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! 
I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! I AM MONTY CANTSIN?! 

Many people ask me why I repeat this so often? 

Because that’s my work, my mission. 
I’m glad that I can say it in a very concentrated way. In four words. Or in three words. 

I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! !
I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! 
I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! 
I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! 
I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! ! 
I AM NEOISM?! ! I AM NEOISM?! !

I have to say it. I say it for a long time, and repeat it over and over again. This book could be nothing other than these two short phrases repeated millions of times. It’s one melody, that’s all. Or maybe just noise. Machine beat poetry.

NEOISM?!  is real. You can see NEOISM?!  with your eyes, hear NEOISM?!  with your ears, smell NEOISM?!  with your nose, taste NEOISM?!  with your tongue, touch NEOISM?!  with your hand. 

In NEOISM?!  there is absolutely no stage and no scenography. It is not necessary. 
The stars are the background. 
In NEOISM?!  everyone is a hero and the story of the play is the story of individuals.

NEOISM?!  has nothing to do with the authority of Japan. NEOISM?!  exists outside the authority of Japan.

I think of NEOISM?!  as networking. By networking people all around the World can cooperate with one another. For example I have this porn picture that I send to individuals around the World. I ask them to masturbate while looking at it. This is the form my networking takes. There are thousands of people masturbating to my photo all around the World.

I am The Master of NEOISM?! . 
I think NEOISM?!  is the best method to have fun and lots of orgasms. 
The Main Purpose of NEOISM?!  is to amaze people. 
The Purpose of NEOISM?!  is to show the World The Beauty of NEOISM?! . 
NEOISM?!  is a pseudo-catharsis. It’s a trans-sacrificial counter-process. 
NEOISM?!  has no concrete ties to any ideas except destruction.
NEOISM?!  keeps its voice right to the end. It’s fascinating how persistent its need to say something in response to destruction is. 
Part of my relationship with NEOISM?!  is to keep it speaking. 
NEOISM?!  is a purification, a polishing of the soul.
NEOISM?!  is just crap.
 
It was my ambition when I was a teenager to be the greatest subversive revolutionary who ever lived. I also wanted to become a martyr, I wanted to die for my redeeming mission; I wanted to get killed for it. This was a very conscious ambition and it stayed with me in my mind. Perhaps NEOISM?!  is a result of this ambition. When people ask me about The Meanings of NEOISM?! , I tell them it has no meaning. You can make it up yourself the way you like as you go along.

I’m raising three kids, which is very important living in The World of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?!  is celebrating the throw-away, the discarded, the junk, the garbage. When I go to pick up junk in the streets I take my kids with me. They love garbage picking; it’s one of their favorite games. 

That’s how they learn anti-aesthetics as a practical inclination. That crude is better than slick. That hammering nails produces music. That breaking things creates great new things and sounds. They also get into economy by learning that junk in the street is a lot cheaper than in toy stores. They also learn about the constant decay of technology, so they don’t have so much respect for it. 

They won’t be fooled too easy when they grow up. They will have their own theoretical views developed from picking garbage in the streets during their childhood. Of course NEOISM?!  is not a new idea, it’s been around certainly since the Middle Ages. And everything has been multi-dimensional anyway, so there is no big deal. 

The big deal is to reaffirm NEOISM?!  today.

That’s what I finally concluded was The Apex of NEOISM?! : the complete denial. Including The Denial of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?!  is precisely the subtle, veiled violence of reason. NEOISM?!  must be subperversive or it will no longer be NEOISM?! . NEOISM?!  is that from which radiates the most sublime beautitude. NEOISM?!  must be recognized in its most immediate, harrowing, tormenting reality.

There is always the feeling in the air that something must change. This feeling is there everywhere you go you just have to be sensitive enough to feel it. And you know that it is not possible to produce things in the way that had been done before. So this is The Source of NEOISM?!  and the source of The Denial of NEOISM?! .

NEOISM?!  is not merely a surface entity, but is itself the surface of projection. NEOISM?!  ascertains the relations between body and communication. 
NEOISM?!  is ultimately bodyism.
NEOISM?!  is not a national culture, it can’t be. It does not belong to any nations. It belongs to nomadity. It belongs to international conspiracy. 
NEOISM?!  is more than intercontinental, it is overcontinental and interindividual. And it is also in cyberspace. 

There are limitless ways to go and in NEOISM?!  nobody goes in one direction only. NEOISM?!  functions at the level of definition. Most of the time I don’t have any idea what I’m talking about. But I believe in textuality and word processing. With the use of computer technology, NEOISM?!  can be spread all over the World within a few seconds. 

Every computer screen is an eye of NEOISM?! . Or maybe a mouth of NEOISM?!  or an asshole of NEOISM?! . 

I can integrate anything in NEOISM?! . It’s up to me to interpret, to define NEOISM?! . Whatever I want NEOISM?!  to be is NEOISM?! . 
If I want NEOISM?!  to be the verbal masturbation of a boring old decadent demagogue then I simply have to say it: NEOISM?!  is the verbal masturbation of a boring old decadent demagogue. 

In Akademgorod during the evening meal, as the others eat, one conspirator is entrusted with reading out loud The Book of NEOISM?! . And then I suddenly turn around and say: NEOISM?!  is an exciting new constructive popular game. And that is totally true too. NEOISM?!  is whatever I want  NEOISM?!  to be. 
I repeat this phrase a thousand times or more every day. 
If I want NEOISM?!  to be dead I can kill NEOISM?! . 
But how can I kill NEOISM?! . 

With words. By simply saying that NEOISM?!  is dead. 

NEOISM?!  is the provocation at the origins of orthodoxy. To add, subtract, or change a sign in a technological system is to create noise.
It’s all up to me. 
NEOISM?!  is whatever I want NEOISM?!  to be. 

It’s all my decision, my theory, my mistake, my life, my shit, my gold, my blood, my death. NEOISM?!  demands that each person discover that unique idea, that singular object of fascination, which suits one’s individual desires. Nobody will have time to read everything that has been written about NEOISM?! . Nobody will read this book from the beginning to the end. Only a few idiots will try it but after the first two chapters they will give it up. The Very Possibilities of NEOISM?!  are authenticated by the fascination, intoxication and affirmation that such an idea evokes, yet all the while The Very Meaning of NEOISM?!  remains intransigently incommunicable, personal and ultimately perverse. 

The Book of NEOISM?!  is completely useless as a book. It would be more interesting to use it as construction material, like a brick, for example, and make a house from ten thousand copies of The Book of NEOISM?! . NEOISM?!  is a simple, easy to learn science, and like all sciences it is founded on lies. Through NEOISM?!  the subtle machinery of the subconscious instincts can be controlled. We are not subject to the lies of science, neither to NEOISM?! .

When I say NEOISM?!  is dead then NEOISM?!  is dead. When I say NEOISM?!  is alive, NEOISM?!  is alive. 

I was supposed to finish this book a long time ago and all I’m thinking about right now is how to increase the number of pages without too much work. 

The easiest way to do it is to use the automatist technique, and write down anything that comes to your mind without paying attention to the meaning of words. It’s an old method but it always works. Because I have to confess, the truth is that I’m not just plundering everything from other books but I’m also using my own empty brain to fill this book with NEOISM?! . 

Emptiness is The Most Powerful Source of NEOISM?! . The origins of the perverse and the transcendent are one and the same, in that catastrophic, anxiety-producing narcissistic wound from which NEOISM?!  itself arises. 
In a quest for NEOISM?! , the bearer of this psychic wound discovers its unique sign in another wound, a corporeal mutilation, which is to mark the psychic mechanism and the libidinal economy with its own horror, strangeness, excitation.

NEOISM?!  is only a name without a program, philosophy or idealogy. Anyone can use it as they see fit. The content therefore may vary greatly depending on the circumstances in a given society and the beliefs of the conspirators. Information about NEOISM?!  can be given by conspirators at regular intervals, during Apartment Festivals for example. Apartment Festivals are organized by conspirators who fight for total freedom in various ways. They like to dance to The Beat of NEOISM?!  holding flaming steamirons and singing the international anthem of Akademgorod. They never want to work, just have fun, lick cunt and suck cock.  

They also want to carry out various public actions. Conspirators travel from region to region to read manifestos at street corners and in front of public monuments. They use all the means they can to spread The Word of NEOISM?! . Sometime they splash their blood on museum walls and get arrested for it. Sometime they just sit still and gaze into nothing. Certain general aspects of The Phenomenology of NEOISM?!  are not covered by the above considerations or by the hypothetical examples. 

The Phenomenology of NEOISM?!  can be subdivided into a number of (non)logical components, in all of which quantitative and qualitative variables, both physiological and psychological, are conceivable. 

Yet, the mere fact that The Phenomenology of NEOISM?!  can be subdivided into (non)logical components does not mean that each one of these components actually functions independently of the others. They may, rather, be mere facets of a single process. The significance of this will become clearer as we proceed.

Now I feel like singing a song. I always wanted to be a singer. 
I am a singer. Jack Smith told me that I should be an operetta singer. 
So I should throw together this book as fast as possible and then be just a singer. 
I can sing this book; it can be the libretto for my operetta. 

NEOISM?!  is just a song. 
NEOISM?!  is many songs.
NEOISM?!  is sitting in a chair for hours on end, humming and doing nothing.

Earlier this morning, Tuesday 11 December 2001, I was in the park for an hour. I did 100 pushups (70 + 30), 100 in-outs, 50 hinges, 50 half-hinges, 20 chin-ups, handwalks, headstands, bridges, bendings, up-downs, yoga breathing, stretching, meditation. 
I’ve done this everyday for the past 30 years at least. I have many note-books filled with exercise data, dates, hours, places, temperature, list of different exercises, number of push-ups, sit-ups etc. I started doing yoga when I was about 13. If I skip a day I feel weak, lost, useless, stupid, depressed, catatonic, empty, dead. 

Exercising and meditation are my immortality pills. I generate NEOISM?!  through yoga and mediation. NEOISM?!  is exercising the body and the mind at once at 6 o’clock. In the timeless zone of vertical reality it’s always 6 o’clock. The 6 o’clock Extravaganza of NEOISM?!  is a messy durational yoga performance without end. It just goes on and on forever. 

If I could I would just exercise and eat rice, fruits and vegetables. And also oysters. I’ll never give up eating oysters. My favorite meal is oysters with bread and butter and a bottle of champagne. The best breakfast while taking a bath with your lover. There has been a time when I was completely vegetarian, I mean vegan. For a while I ate only nuts and fruits. But then I started eating fish again. Fish and NEOISM?!  go together. 

NEOISM?!  is created by blood, sweat, shit, exaltation, torture and sacrifice.

Of course I also like to stay up late, go out, go to clubs, get drunk. This creates a continuous conflict in my life because nightlife and exercising do not work together. But NEOISM?!  is about conflicts anyway. Conflicts and crises are essential to NEOISM?! . 

So somehow I manage to be part of the night as an immortal vampire and still able to seize the day as a living machine. Get up modern hero and change the World order! 

I never go to gyms. I don’t need to be motivated by sweating people pumping iron under trainers’ instructions. I like to be alone in the middle of an empty field. That’s The Landscape of NEOISM?! . Added maybe with some colorful dogshit. There are plenty of ‘exercising machines’ at the children’s playground. When I take my kids to the park I don’t just sit down and watch them playing. I either play with them or I do my exercises while they are running around and playing with their friends. 

Blood and cruelty are The Very Base of NEOISM?! .
The Mission of NEOISM?!  is to produce subversive elements.
NEOISM?!  is essentially illogical. 
NEOISM?!  is governed by a tumultuous sea of convulsions made up of irrational demands.
The Very Essence of NEOISM?!  is the individual incapacity to get along with other people. I’m just sitting here and writing about NEOISM?!  meanwhile the stage is changing around me, but it’s always 6 o’clock. 
NEOISM?!  is an investment in libido. 
My goal is to finish this book as fast as possible and then forget about this whole bullshit of NEOISM?! . 

IT WAS
IT WAS IT WAS
IT WAS VERY NICE
IT WAS VERY NICE IT WAS VERY VERY 
VERY NICE IT WAS VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY NICE IT WAS VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY NICE 
NICE NICE NICE NICE NICE NICE NICE NICE
IT WAS VERY NICE VERY NICE 
VERY NICE 
VERY NICE IT WAS VERY NICE TO SEE YOU
SEE YOU 
SEE YOU 
SEE YOU 
SEE YOU
SEE YOU 
SEE YOU 
SEE YOU 
SEE YOU AND TALK 
AND TALK 
AND TALK 
AND TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK 
TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK 
TALK TALK TALK TALK
TALK TALK TALK TALK 
TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK 
TALK TALK TALK TALK TALK ABOUT 
TALK ABOUT 
TALK ABOUT 
TALK ABOUT REVOLUTION REVOLUTION
REVOLUTION REVOLUTION IT WAS VERY NICE TO SEE YOU AND TALK ABOUT REVOLUTION  


Besides my confused brain I used some of the confused ideas of the following people as well: Ákos Szilágyi, Harold Lasswell, Hermann Nitsch, Shozo Shimamoto, Raphael Montañez Ortiz, Allen S Weiss, Timothy Leary, Allan Kaprow, Francesco Conz, Goldie Lipson, William A Gamson, Lawrence S Kubie. 
