The simple fact that the outburst of Neoism?! coincided with the explosion of New Technology in the early 80s might have been by accident. But at the time when Neoism?! went amok and mutated into a world wide communication network, Artificial Intelligence was also heavily implemented in the increasing planetarian operations of computer control technology. Neoism?!, representing an ever growing independent multi-faceted network-entity, responded to the new rules of technology with both, refusal and vision, resulting in a platform of revolutionary subvertainment.
Today neoism?! is the largest creative communication network around the world, with neoist research centers from Chicoutimi to Hong Kong to Budapest to Calgary to Rome to Beijing to Rio de Janeiro to Berlin to Vladivostok to Tokyo to Lhasa to Dakar to Tierra de Fuego to Ulan Bator to Sydney to Christchurch to Jakarta to Milano to Barcelona to Mexico City to Tepoztlan to New York to Santiago to Reykjavik to London to Moskow to Dublin to San Francisco to Toronto to Montreal and many more... and now also in Ghent. From among the neoist research centers, let us mention the name of a few: Neoist Tomatoes Against Authority, Neoist Tautological Anti-Art, Neoist Tantra Argonautical Automaton, Neoist Theoretical Androgynous, Neoist Trick-or-treating Adult Action, Neoist Toreador Aviator Academy, Neoist Template Anonymous Alternative, Neoist Topdog Adhoc Advocacy, Neoist Tormentor Austere Arsenal, and Neoist Turdburger Atomic Absolutism.
it was a sunny day. accompanied by lion lazer, i, monty cantsin, today known as istvan kantor monty cantsin? amen!, was sitting on a neoist chair, a chair with a neoism sign attached to the back of the chair, and distributed flyers to passers-by. people were curious to know what neoism was about. we didn’t have any idea but from the conversations we learned a lot. 40 years later i still have difficulties to explain what is neoism, however, at the same time, all i can say that it is still the most revolutionary street subvertainment. you agree or not it doesn’t matter.

